She is on fire! That is her best element. If not Hillary, there isn't anyone more capable than
JIN JUST SAID.... I LOVE YOU 3000 TO US... MARVELARMYS....
I definitely think the Night King is done. Dead. Finito. If his *story* ended last episode tho that's gonna be a huge
i live in leb but i honestly never heard of this place so if any of my leb moots could help :( pls rt to help this person
"You're funny af" "You're super nice wow"
I'll never have 3 some, I'm finna watch you fuck MY man ? You mustbe crazy.
HELL NO, you're a liar and a phony who IMMORALLY slept your way up (with married me) and pretend to
Goals
Get Bobby on. We're playing well but need that bit extra.
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
If u were in ur head overthinking just now, this is ur reminder to stop. The extra thoughts will never help you. Take a
Such an underrated album!! Every song on there is a total bop, the album is *chefs kiss* The culmination of
Plain and simple, the Mueller report didn't come out the way they anticipated. They bet and
"I'm above the law. I AM the law." Same as Trump; they're cut of the same cloth. The situation is untenable.
Service blocked when speaks, and restored when the dictator Maduro speaks. That's institutionalized
I pray I don't get tired from preaching the same message.
When ur fam doesn't approve of ur outfit
dm me
Same applies to the moron who threw a flare into the Sunderland fans on Saturday, Pedro. He should
Download twitter video downloader bruh. So much admin you giving me now yoh
thicc or whateva
she's not even ugly... I'm confused lol
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
Why No Public Outrage? Why Media Silent? Why Gadchiroli not important for a day even but Pulwama is for months? Because
Has Barr been asked under oath if he's read the entire text of the Mueller report? He can't answer basic questions
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
What a fun day in AP Environmental Science today... AP Exam Review with a homemade Taboo review game APES
This months mood
jimin just flexed his hot boyfriend, expensive car, and award show attendance in the Same Tweet.
Hugo Boss announces as their brand ambassador!!! The #LiamPayne campaign, shot by Mert &amp; Marcus, will start
why do we make a habit of putting brain dead people on television? no much wonder people think the UK is fucking
Word to the wise and guac-obsessed (same thing): choose today or tomorrow to begin hoarding/ripening avocados for
i hate all of it! it shouldn't have happened! but THE FANDOM is taking so much out of that moment by making it
I discovered Marc second-hand really in the 90s. So I hear his stuff and it takes me back 25 years not 45. He
Check out Basic Editions Top Size XXL Pink Pull Over V Neck Buttons Ribbed Long Sleeve #PullOver via
also because your relationship with your friends changes over time, and social networks act like they're
SAME
ok,,, tish bout to bully me over this but... i didn't know that this extra dark mode thingy was a thing. the
It's just hard cause some characters are stronger in the comics than in these movies. Wanda comes to
Will also be installed TV cameras so that Russian people watch the US senators fall like flies, pull their hair
Lots of opportunists out there, stay woke
I noticed how my mood instantly improves once I've eaten something, and I'm convinced that for the most optimal
It's irrelevant who
Level of intelligence bruh #Reatsotella
Same but he doesn't shred my things
The entire screentime of Marvel Cinematic Universe is 3000 minutes. I love you, 3000.
Note that Barr twice refused to answer Blumenthal's "Who" questions: who was there, and who took notes. Any bet there
Dolphins release three, open up as many roster spots ahead of the "next wave" of free agency. Plus, the return of my
When I offer rep, I have to have a vision for that writer's career, not just the one book they're querying me. So it's
Chill bro lol
hes using all the dead cartilage and hamstring fibres that have played havoc with him for years
This is a freakshow. Whatever these people are, they're not patriots. It's disgusting.
Same sis
From the Great Reform Act 1832 to the Representation of the People Act 1928, every piece of electoral reform has been
spoilers hulk is literally all alone now,,,nat is dead, tony is dead ,steve is old and probably in a retirement home or
Mom: call me more School: remember that big project's due next week Work: do your job better Friends: ur never free
Tell me what u need $2000 for Follow, retweet and DM me #sudy #seekingarrangement
"I want to have a talk within our own family, my party family...I can't sit idly by when we walk in contradiction and
We LIT LETS GOOOO
Yikes
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
Lmao I'm dead
THE WORDS NCT AND ROOKIES IN THE SAME TWEET IN 2019...
tbh gimme some mutuals,, rt if you post: - marvel - specifically mcu women - killing eve - star wars - you write
Sorry... nothing compared to the original vintage model of Mattel‘s Snake Mountain... Super7 seemed to be greedy af.
If you had any doubt that #Barr was the man for the job - watch this. He is one tough cookie. #MAGA #QAnon #WWG1WGA
Wealth
Thank you. Every Democrat should all be stating the same right now.
No are they having me one or does this actually happen cus am about it try it
IM DEAD
the world finna end y'all
Kenzie Zielger performing to grown ass adults for FOMO tour expecting us to know her music
LEGEND
same sis. fake outrage &gt;
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
Is DOCTOR trying to tell us the dead bodies left lying on trolleys in *weren't* actually
Las Vegas peeps! If you don't have plans tonight and wanna see my friend host the Billboard Music
"Wear something casual, nothing too extra" me:
bnha au where everything's the same but bakugou says "rolling thunder" instead of "die"
Tiwa Savage has that youthful energy I aim to carry well into my late 30s/40s -I will never grow old
Nauseating. Contemptible antisemitic hypocrite.
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
Jack Dail's link so yeah here y'all go, cause it's annoying that people are selling this exact same one when it's
RT PLEASE Love of my life JOHNNY SUH Love of my life JOHNNY SUH Love of my life JOHNNY SUH Love of my life JOHNNY
Defeated one of those annoying bear bow builds you see all over WvW now a days and I get trampled by a zerg of
tbh, we, malaysian armys very dissapointed with locals. We've doing nothing to y'all. Are y'all happy rn? Are y'all happy
Drake does make fire features. And this collab might even be fire, but this is not the kind of song I want drake on. I want
A favourite Plaskow quotation, ""At the same time that Jesus' positive
And, to be clear, the Mueller Report says the President told McGahn that the Mueller "must be removed." No ambiguity
Awwn... Same here baby
me bumping the same song I've listened to about 456 times already
Okay, I get it. I want them to get together at the same time because...is it really BTS when 1 person is missing??
RT if you are loving AG Barr teach basic law to political Democrats who hate Trump more than they love America
I need to get on it
My elderly Mum can't wait for her extra $150 pw from #FatClive Palmer but knows its just ANOTHER empty
Remember when Hoseok walked in on Jimin changing and said "sorry bae"
A Cleric, but like one of the cool ones that focuses on fire magic and stuff
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
I just hope the general fallout from sonic won't effect the hard working vfx artists who helped make it. Many of which
RETWEET &amp; HEART the tweet above (not this tweet!) to win a pair of tickets for any of my sold out shows anywhere I'm
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
Also, so weird that &amp; Democrats now seem so concerned about Rod Rosenstein overseeing the Mueller Probe when
new phone number dm if u need my info
And it's only Wednesday. My bet is that the Fandom has slaughtered itself by
Cause most people be groupies, they just gonna go with the flow as long as you that dude
you won't regret it!! and if you need help, hmu!
Is Zone Fam about to drop an album? Watch full episode on YouTube
a mood
them kickbacks at Ashley house use to be lit. them been the good ole days.
Helped do the fundraiser on Fri and it was a chill time arty delight. S/O to the #kwawesome #wrawesome peeps
Not really, they brought the subject of school and my brother in the same sentence that led to me
mood
The word TERF was coined and is still used by a group of feminists to describe themselves and their politics. It is
a mood
same energy.
He draws the bloody helm The Lich King once wore...and the weapon he used to exact his revenge upon him...He
bad news is the hamster's dead. good news is that it's soft, clean and smells like a summer meadow...
Bach is dead Bach is dead Bach is dead Walking women want to see The Southern Cross at night And so
Also, so weird that &amp; Democrats now seem so concerned about Rod Rosenstein overseeing the Mueller Probe when
Meet Boston. She is a preschool student who was born with #CysticFibrosis. Her future goals? To be Cinderella!
They spread hate, I show love. We are not the same.
mood
their secret accounts probably follow you tbh
#premiumsnapchat #snapchat #horny #bbw #teen #porn #pornhub #premiumsnap #camgirl #cashapp #sugardaddy
Fam ur coming at me like I'm telling his feet to misplace passes
Top story: Pixel is not dead! | ARTE see more
percy pigs: we removed the gelatine so everyone can eat them :) they taste the same don't worry gelatine is flavourless
mood
TBH, $1k in liquor isn't a lot at a high-end restaurant for a staff party. I don't really like
smh be ya own ppl
smh cant find it .
same
BREAKING: Elizabeth Warren Has just called on William Barr to resign and for Congress to begin impeachment proceedings
stop texting first and watch how many dead plants you've been watering.
meanwhile harry: -sold out two world tours -28 award winning artist -the face of gucci -cohosting the biggest
Literally every tory lanez song fam
I'M NOT A CRAZY CAT L- okay yas I am. But I take good care of each of the little boogers!!!
If your teacher looks like absolute hell tomorrow, MAYBE just MAYBE consider that they may have stayed up all night
is this a capricorn thing? cause same sis
IM SENDING NUDES TO EVERYONE WHO RETWEETS THIS EVEN IF I'VE ALREADY SENT YOU ONE BEFORE I'LL SEND YOU ANOTHER DM ME
We love But when he makes light of the DBs, someone has to fire back for KC. is that
Not a Jewish commemoration you won't hijack nor an anti-semite you won't support. What a complex little trot bastard
I hand made a bunch of boob pots - if you'd like one they are listed on my Etsy shop!! Link in bio. If you want a
Avocado letting you know she's going to cost extra
Klopp needs to bring Bobby on. The goals are there, just lack composure in the final 3rd. #BARLIV
if you're not ready to look like this at our wedding, don't even try to hmu
New pics from #GameofThrones S8 E4 shows the North burning the dead and getting ready for war with #Cersei
Las Vegas peeps! If you don't have plans tonight and wanna see my friend host the Billboard Music
Number of times Quebec Islamophobe &amp; white supremacist searched Shapiro before he killed 6 Muslims in a mosque: •93
COLE // KENDRICK // extra 5 for gas
Your music is incredible, one of the best composers around at the moment.
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
oM &amp; all get out in the same festival lineup bragg jam said olive &amp; dylan rights
What a hypocrite: While Trump demonizes immigrants, his New York country club exploits undocumented workers and steals
The life coach segment is fire af
selling carts hmu
I don 't even know if it's 8th or 9th ep Miran have the same closthes
Girls dont need boyfriends they need this video of Solar performing Fire by BTS
I JUST WOKE UP MAN JSJSKSMSKSKS
Vidal should've punished them there. Smh
Definitely an inside job, don't worry fam karma gonna catch that hoe ass Bitch
Mood for life cuh
KLOPP NEEDS TO PUT FUCKIN FIRMINO &amp; SHAQIRI ON smh
Yup that's my bet, the tease for 'the next movie's that'll never happen because this bombs hard
Machine learning runs on data which fuels surveillance. But there *are* privacy-preserving ML techniques that
lmaaoo mood honestly
Dead
"Everything has changed from when I turned 30. I met my wife at 27, we got married at 30, and had our first kid at 31.
None left to give. When Barr said they'd have to ask Mr. Muller about something, I thought for a
are all three of the jonas brothers going to be sitting on the same chair
literally every comment on his post is "IS KRISTEN GOING THIS YEAR???!!!" #same
Does not matter if it took 400+ pages or 4 pages. The conclusion is the same. Simply put in two words. NOT QUILTY.
new Mixtape Gonna be fire once i finish it!!
Going ight tbh. Finishing some of my final classes of my freshman year tho...kinda sad
LRT: Mannnnnnnnnn listen....you dumb fucks that was on the teachers side for hitting a student....I hope they give
On Yom HaShoah we remember the six million Jews killed in the Holocaust. I've lit a candle for Gyorgy Farkas who died
Dead silence from and other socialists about Venezuela. What! No lectures about how they need to start recycling?
i was waiting for the banging german inuyasha opening wHAT IS THIS CHILL INSTRUMENTAL NETFLIX ???!?!?!?!
I light a #YellowCandle also to remember Gyorgy Farkas, aged nine, who perished in
Going live!
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
If I'm into you nobody else is getting the same attention
Team will take a look into this for you. Please DM your information for follow up.
Hump Day By Larkyn Simony It's the middle of the week And I can't function. To keep me from napping It will take an
I got dreams and goals just like everyone else. I just really love helping others get theirs, do you know how it
SKDJSJDHD THIS IS SO FUNNY
Relationship where you can just chill at each other's house, make each other laugh, cuddle, take pics, and tell each other
Addaline started crying this morning when she realized ate all the Cheezits sweet and salty mix I
"Woke" person on MT giving "relationship advice" while being single his/her entire life.
Serverless is server less in the same way a beef burger is vegetarian because you didn't personally see the cow being
tbh calling someone ur best friend takes so much courage , bcs they probably dont feel the same about u anyway
Has Barr been asked under oath if he's read the entire text of the Mueller report? He can't answer basic questions
you woke up to eat breakfast and saw these women waiting for you at the dining table, your last saved meme is your
Just woke up ;)
Next Tuesday is the keel laying ceremony for R/V Resolution: an event which formally recognizes the start of the ship's
Why No Public Outrage? Why Media Silent? Why Gadchiroli not important for a day even but Pulwama is for months? Because
Luis Suarez has scored more goals against Liverpool in the Champions League (1) than he did for them in the competition
US ARMYs, if you haven't bought BWL on iTunes or have new iTunes account for today, DM us, we will Paypal the money to
mood
Quote of the day: Work and play are words used to describe the same thing under differing conditions.—Mark Twain
Cookie suit fam
Do you ever feel ok but you're empty at the same time &amp; you just want to talk to someone but you feel annoying so you
Looking forward to joining the team again... not sure how we'll manage to squeeze it all in!
That's if she is pregnant. I can understand Tyrion wanting her dead but it just doesn't make sense
tbh I didn't really notice
I just love this girl we are the same in common about this winter of a thing and Game of thrones.... Let me go
The Fire Emblem x Fresh Prince of Bel Air rap parody that nobody asked for but I rapped it anyway #FireEmblem
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
April was a great month! Let's start May the same way. DMs are open, looking for real sugar
As I said this morning on I think guys like Barr have convinced themselves that saving Trump and the GOP
reminder you have 5 days to create and publish a patreon so you won't have to pay extra for the same service
A lame nigga with money is still lame...he just has money. High key...i think money has the ability to make lame
Ok but park min young has amazing chemistry with ALL her fellow lead costars damn. I shipped her w park seojoon
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
You haven't posted anything that isn't Dem
F I N A L L Y
This obituary captures what many of us recognized about Jason
My boss: I need you work 3 hrs. before your shift today jamaly called in sick she said she fainted at the gym Jamaly
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
Note that Barr twice refused to answer Blumenthal's "Who" questions: who was there, and who took notes. Any bet there
Ship Twelve Apostles, 1897 #russianart #aivazovsky
Barry hasnbeen wearing that same burgundy jumper for like 3 seasons now shsgsgsg and the converse for the whole
New post: Chirofoam Fitness Goals Chirofoam Fitness Goals (05/31 #giveaway# #sweepstakes#
Being married is fun because you realize you dried your hair with the same towel your husband wiped his dick on
how am i stressing and not giving a shit at the same time
Smh Japan
Same!!!
I'm really glad you enjoyed it! I feel great after every rehearsal, performance and from hearing comments like
a mood
So true!
i read the issue w straws is actually v minimal when compared to other stuff that harms the
I bet you're not doing what you're supposed to be doing right now.
You tellin me I have to work to live till I die ??... bruh..
Me when I walk around with a straight face all day and someone finally talks to me
i can't believe that his pose triggered me.....this movie messed me up
yeah i said it when we found out about james months and months ago and then the same for thomas
remember when seungkwan saw a fire, put out the fire, sat on a bench, broke the bench, fixed it and then proceeded to
Barr easily swats away Leahy's attempted "gotcha." He answered the question specifically, Leahy accuses him of
Mood
I love you 3000
i like both characters equally tbh and i was very invested in there stories
I skip backseat freestyle but definitely way more skips on carter 2.
Beta Storm: Resupply Not Counting Towards Daily Quest via /r/FORTnITE
Goals
when bae starts playing too much
Don't live the same year for 75 years and call it a life.
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
Barr needs to be impeached now!
Two people dead and several injured at the University of North Carolina in Charlotte and NOT A SINGLE MAJOR TELEVISION

Shots fired.
I saw the lady coming at him making him say yes or no , Barr didn't know how to Answer her making
Exactly! It's like they're trampling over all movies along the same
Cersei is going to kill a dragon and I'm going to be so mad.
When ur fam doesn't approve of ur outfit
Cevans, seb stan and rdj are all problematic but mcu stans dont give them the same energy as lizzi olsen,anthony
Tonight tens of thousands of people around the UK will light a #YellowCandle to commemorate a single victim of the
Bed sound loose af
I am likely to ignore messages that come in with just "Hi" or "sexy bb" or any kind of shit like that. If you
Dm me
As always, #Word is so pathetic on If indeed Word cannot open the document because
The twitter men cliques be so corny
There are a lot of people so invested in their preferred candidate that
Everybody in Philly is Muslim, so I know this is fake news.
when a male character is confident, they're praised as "cool", "badass", "inspiring" and "witty" but when a female shows
This scene could've ended with Kara touching their foreheads together. Like when Sam was really emotional and Lena
Missed an entry and didn't chase but then missed another entry..smh...it's hard for me cuz this would be life
I might be a huge The Walking Dead fan, but i'm not a big fan of the 'Commonwealth story', i really like the
Dead
We start a new month which means a new start. Forget about the troubles or failures of last month and work towards new
If you plan to pursue nursing, medschool, or any medical field solely because of money - DON'T. No value of salary
Klobuchar asks, "Are the president's actions detailed in this report consistent with his oath of office?" Bill
Lol stick to pizza
Adidas Ozweego Adiprene Trainers Now in Stock! Promo: 30% discount Phone/Whatsapp: 08039562419 Pls send a DM to order//
So early morning I started getting this really weird feeling (can't really explain it) then I was talking to
If u tryna be like this hmu
big mood
There are four questions of value in life... What is sacred? Of what is the spirit made? What is worth living "for,
I pay all my own bills, have my own spot,car and a schedule so I expect the same from my partner AT LEAST. age is not
RT if you are loving AG Barr teach basic law to political Democrats who hate Trump more than they love America
Thanks for getting in touch. It'll be more of a
So we can all agree Star Lord should've stayed dead right
Beloved is this you?
Unbelievable. #Barr is saying that the fact that President Trump didn't like the investigation was a legitimate ground
hello sir yeet me thru a wall
he just kept it alive long enough to stoke the fire of hatred. given the lunacy out there on the
yes and made Barr confess to be didn't even review all the evidence
On Yom HaShoah we remember the six million Jews killed in the Holocaust. I've lit a candle for Gyorgy Farkas who died
Sarah, you and Barr is in a dead heat for second place on best liar (or worse) in the Trump Admin. If
OMG I swear it's disney magic!!! I was talking nonstop the other day saying how much I missed Noterdame
Girls who love Zeds Dead are just hotter I don't make the rules
I can't even begin to understand what made him think this line of thinking was even remotely okay.
Bet y'all wouldn't object if it was hetero-couple. Like somehow two people of the same gender makes it suddenly
Been fumbled since she came after Nicki tbh
current mood: crushed -
Barca will need 1 more goal at least. Liverpool will turn them over at Anfield if this score stays the same.
"ACLJ" Law Firm (D.C.) Mr. Jay Sekulow Chief Counsel handled the whole case! He laid it all out so that anyone
Eat a dick with a Acorn &amp; hot sauce on it
What a hypocrite: While Trump demonizes immigrants, his New York country club exploits undocumented workers and steals
So if your product leaked into the same bag that check out person put the receipt within hours of the
[dipping my feather quill into the inkwell and adjusting my spectacles] dearest diary, it seems the day is different but
I can't believe Stana liked the FLO tweet which I haphazardly tweeted with the wrong name smh WHH WHH WHYYYYY im ashamed.
New move aquired! Aura Boner. Emits a thicc layer of aura on his cock making it stronger and harder.
Tonight tens of thousands of people around the UK will light a #YellowCandle to commemorate a single victim of the
wow no class smh
Summer mood
It really goes to show that engineers can really have a huge say in how people access fundamental tooling and basic formatting.
We really all lived the same childhood in different houses
CNS Adm Zafar Mahmood Abbasi visited Nigerian Navy Ship QUORRA where he witnessed the maritime surveillance system.
Indian Army Soldiers in uniform are caught forcing voters to vote for .Downfall of a nation is when men in
What a hypocrite: While Trump demonizes immigrants, his New York country club exploits undocumented workers and steals
first day of ramadan is the same as as the met god better do everyone a favour and let this happen you can't make
Charlotte, NC Baltimore, MD West Chester Township, OH Birmingham, AL Nashville, TN Jackson Jackson, MI Poway, CA
Agreed. And, for people like me, who eat meat but worry about the ethics of the industry, it's brilliant to have
Keep in mind that this trainwreck of a movie is made by the same studio behind Snow White, The Lion King, and
well,,, same energy u make me feel the same pink blue comfort
I have a surface go, but for serious art stuff it's under powered. I'd suggest the pro, with the
My nigga, What..(and I cannot stress this enough) TF.
I am Sallie Velazquez I want to meet with you face to face Here :https://t.co/CaCOhpGJJg NO NEED TO SUBMIT ANY
Good evening evening daddy,more grace please sir sorry for disturbing you by this time, I need
Yea that's fair, but I just don't hunk whatever he does
"Phoenix Wright can't be in smash! He doesn't even have any moves?" Speak for yourself mother fucker this man killed god
one of the biggest bron fans you'll meet. i think it's fair to say kd is the better play rn. idc
Going to be lit when Democrats pull Mueller up for testimony and then turn on him as an agent of Trump
ASAP girl !!
Then he said, without saying "For every argument, that we've experienced... It's nice to know that you've
We also saw Tony get wrecked by Thanos last movie. Hes just a human in a suit like us
U like getn fucked like a faggot? Let me do it 2 that butt. thick build, fat pussi nigga. Was my 5 &amp; final nutt last
same af
Usually when I have a bad day I try and make it better and try to be in a better mood but today I just can't
Take your dirty filthy racist mitts off of our pain. Thanks to YOU and your little army of racists the British Jewish
Pls Kindly RT until someone that's thinking of getting a nice portrait for a Birthday gift, Wedding or Anniversary sees
BLITZ! Sketch Commissions Open! Round 4: In Lightning and In Truth If interested, shoot me a DM or email. Commissions open
Gas usage has changed for the same period, going up 20%.
Mileena makeup timelapse on and behind the scenes vid is up on my Youtube
Well excuse us Moneybag Yo, but who in the hell finna willingly &amp; proudly pay $14 for a pack of skittles &amp; a small
Some cool wet road renders #render #3d #Cinema4D #graphics #design #artist
my mood swings aren't fucking normal man
Teachers don't have basic resources they need while billionaires get massive tax breaks. That's a disgrace.
This is too real
No girl on twitter who is feeling horny and curious about a cumtribute? Pls dm
"Wear something casual, nothing too extra" me:
WH Pess Sec. Sarah Sanders: "AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for
Well excuse us Moneybag Yo, but who in the hell finna willingly &amp; proudly pay $14 for a pack of skittles &amp; a small
mood
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
Note that Barr twice refused to answer Blumenthal's "Who" questions: who was there, and who took notes. Any bet there
Same time Barr is testifying, Ben Stiller will be testifying at a Senate Foreign Relations hearing down the hall
Charlotte, NC Baltimore, MD West Chester Township, OH Birmingham, AL Nashville, TN Jackson Jackson, MI Poway, CA
BREAKING: Elizabeth Warren Has just called on William Barr to resign and for Congress to begin impeachment proceedings
My steamy southern romance is available now! I've been blessed with some wonderful praises for LEAD THE
RT if you are loving AG Barr teach basic law to political Democrats who hate Trump more than they love America
n this age where we look at digital disruption - it strikes me that yesterday was a uniquely disruptive day in
"Well, hello handsome! What a stallion you are!" I love fun photoshoots! And, I am always open to requests/ideas. I want
All of them. At once. Fuck me up fam
i am freaking out, I PASSED THE ENTRANCE EXAM TO MY DREAM SCHOOL ASDFGHJKL I AM SO FREAKING HAPPY!!!! I DID IT FOR
#demthrones #GameOfThrones Arya rejoining the squad after ending the Night King &amp; saving Winterfell:
Good morning to everyone apart from those who are actually complaining that Percy Pigs no longer have dead animal in them
Omg I want to try it so bad!!!!
Whoa. That looks like something nasty's on fire.
jimin just flexed his hot boyfriend, expensive car, and award show attendance in the Same Tweet.
evil fuckin world smh
Dead groot. Fun.
Put yourself in a good mood, and your day will be a happy one ... put some hope in it, and the day may surprise you ...
Same.
The same but different.
"Yikes."
Street Fighter 5, other SV games, bombed. Dead or Alive 6, bombed. Mortal Kombat 11, bombed. Why did these
are all three of the jonas brothers going to be sitting on the same chair
Why I donated to We need more people like her. Barr is a disgrace. As US Attorney General he
Anyway, the tl;dr of this is still 1. Caster Semenya is not transgender 2. The ruling against her is an *actual*
The Fire Emblem: Lost Heroes event is currently live! Veronica takes the stage in this event. You can also see her
"Trump promised to drain the swamp and he flooded his national security team with that exact swamp" says
a mood
When you dead inna the friendzone and your WCW a cry cause she nuh have nobody she can tek fi idiot again
SEOKJIN SAID I LOVE YOU 3000 N HOSEOK STARTED SNAPPING HOS FINGERS WHERE MY MARVEL ARMY STANS AT
Hey I don't wanna be a whale can we fix that .. abeg
Why has this mountain breathed fire for thousands of years? It's not a chimaera. Its flames are fueled by a mysterious gas
Thanks, ! #ImpeachTrump #BarrResignNow #handcuffsfortrump
#BafeletseKaeBo we going to go to the same university, live together then get married with 5 kids
Mood.
Barr just admitted he did not look at the evidence in the Mueller report. Nor did Rosenstein. Nor did anyone in the
BREAKING: Elizabeth Warren Has just called on William Barr to resign and for Congress to begin impeachment proceedings
Hilarious. If you think that was fried, yikes. And you realize that
God bruh fat ppl fucking blow me dog like everything gotta be fatphobic like what the fuck
I get a manicure too and they trim off all my dead skin
I don't see Arya killing Cersei. D&amp;D are some wild boys but I don't think they'd have the same character take out the
Halsey saying "despite the language barrier, it's important I treated them like I would treat any other friend" to Roman
We had SO MUCH FUN while doing this omg... we are too extra maybe lmao #MEmusicvideo
The entire screentime of Marvel Cinematic Universe is 3000 minutes. I love you, 3000.
are all three of the jonas brothers going to be sitting on the same chair
YALL I ACTUALLY CANT WAIT FOR THE BTS EPISODE FROM BBMAS THIS YEAR TO SEE THEIR SAVAGE SELVES TALKING WITHOUT THE PPL
Check this out! They locked my backup acct for violating rules saying I tweeted something about New Zealand shooting.
This is a whole mood
"I love you 3000"
Milner off, Gini slots in and Firmino leads the line. Please. Goals are there! #UCL
If u tryna be like this hmu
IM DEAD
State Saturday... 10 security GUARDS 4 On duty POLICE Back Gates will be secured with security &amp; police Safe Fun &amp;
Managing is not the same as leading. At the Charleston #ArenaAcademy, Marlon Marshall of trained future
Bet you were glad to get out of that training corset.
Most people get up and begin going about their morning routine without a real goal in mind for what they want to
Although the Cabinet line-up changes, one thing remains the same: letting Huawei, and thereby the Chinese state, into our
Was it best for me to leave ? Or should I have stayed and pushed my hurt to the side just to show him that I
So not only are you dodging any atrocities terfs actually do to get my friends killed, but then you make it a one sided
For someone who isn't really an Afrobeat head, my Afrobeat playlist is kinda lit still. All the essential bangers
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
Graham and Barr are perfect avatars of the Republican Party writ large. Traveled the same road from partisan, but
Niggas be like "SUMMER FINNA BE A MOVIE"
It is laughable yet infuriating that Barr testified that he did not look at the underlying evidence in the most
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
I can't believe Johnny Suh from NCT still hasn't got any solo magazine photoshoot / commercial offer when he looks like
are all three of the jonas brothers going to be sitting on the same chair
[dipping my feather quill into the inkwell and adjusting my spectacles] dearest diary, it seems the day is different but
McManaman: "The fans here are so protective of Messi. You're not allowed to foul him. To kick him" No, you're are not,
lol couldn't be me.
no I just look this thicc every weekend
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
If Barr gave the same shockingly garbage level legal analyses on his 1L finals he would not be returning for 2L in the fall.
fam that's how people get blocked/muted
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
I've personally known 4 people who joined parallel and every single one has unfollowed me life's lit
The Fire Emblem x Fresh Prince of Bel Air rap parody that nobody asked for but I rapped it anyway #FireEmblem
Athletic club to ‘cease operations'/ Boy, 9, shot, suspect sought/ Timeline for massive fire cleanup at state
You supported Corbyn for years despite him doing the exact same thing. You supported him despite the anti semitism and
Remember when Logic just woke up one morning and decided he didn't wanna be with his wife no more LMAOOOOOOO
The #Hurricanes have been a popular pre-season pick to get to the playoffs for a couple years, but they always seemed to
im sorry im kind of amused at how basic this playlist was. like it all WORKED, but,
"Wear something casual, nothing too extra" me:
Smh not a banana
You ever notice people will hold grudges when you're happy not working the same bullshit dead end job you left
U ever just wanna yeet someone
Lol I learnt at 10 that Nigerian Police ain't shit. My mum was being beaten till she was in a pool of her own blood.
McManaman: "The fans here are so protective of Messi. You're not allowed to foul him. To kick him" No, you're are not,
"The run time of all the MCU films is 3000 mins. That's why RDJ said love you 3000"
a big insult but correct
It's the same for me except it calls me Mike Fedor
Busquets is still the same soft snowflake of a cunt.
I woke up in the middle of the night to find my 4-year old staring me in the face, and then she said, " mom, I love
#bbuilderbottom #gay #gayporn #gaymuscle Hey what's up man. DM me, need to send you the vid we made last
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
As a business owner, doctor, former award winning community organisation Treasurer &amp; AICD Graduate, I suggest some men
Everyone is busy revising, its almost like I should be doing the same?
I bet u she is nothing.. If she was sth, she wouldn't even comment this way.. she is just a
you all need to watch the #netflix special
New logo, same #RedHat. It's official- the new Red Hat logo is now live on our #Raleigh office! #OpenBrandProject
S/O to who gave me a (pink) journal when I was ranting on twitter and low key going thru it. Get you
xzgskdkfhjfl this has the same energy as that micki minaj virgin mary video
$BTC Finex 2hr looking like a possible double top, so expecting a retrace 5200 , flat cloud and vol walls should
If you're an Uber or a Lyft driver in the TC who plans to go out on strike next Wednesday, could you DM me? Thanks.
Media: PAY THE PLAYERS!!!! *coaches pay the players* Media: FIRE THEM!!!!!!!!!
Daddy wants to make just 7 babies happy right now, dm me what $7,000 would do for you right now.......
They cost the exact same....
Oh shit. Regis was hostile, and when the other Rangers opened fire I think the entire camp became hostile.
at least they're in the same city,,,
Apologise for the poor-quality video, had to record it on my phone But watch this absolutely destroys
There must be a balance between good life (memories) and goals. (Ignoring one of them may leave you hollow from inside)
Couple goals
My future wife: "Babe, can you open this jar of pickles for me??" *Me coming to the rescue*
I promise you somebody took that same situation you're in rn and bodied it. Find a solution
you woke up to eat breakfast and saw these women waiting for you at the dining table, your last saved meme is your
Broke: Chargin' Chuck Woke: Chargin' DUCK
percy pigs: we removed the gelatine so everyone can eat them :) they taste the same don't worry gelatine is flavourless
RT if you are loving AG Barr teach basic law to political Democrats who hate Trump more than they love America
Treat yourself to this! Chester pretends to play dead so he doesn't have to go to bed at night - does your dog do this too?
Bro seriously though everything looks the same except they added the pro bowl and QB mode. And the
Idk what you said but tiddies fire
i hate how mfs tell you you can come to them about anything and once you do shit aint the same
Sold! This vid is on fire! Up Close Hairy Pussy Fingering &amp; Moaning #MVSales #ManyVids
ACCURACY= 100% OOF
Me sitting at home hungry af thinking bout that one time 6 years ago I stupidly didn't finish my meal
#EarthFromSpace takes a step back to look at our planet, in the same way that an alien would! Listen
woke king
I'll tell you what, I don't think UEFA will be best pleased that the chant was played over the sound system at the same time
Man, she was on fire. She definitely said what every sane America believes
If you're curious to learn about Khris Middleton's rise to Celtics post-season destroyer, I profiled him earlier this
I literally TAPPED a car this morning in the school drop off line. Going approximately 5mph, &amp; no harm to her
Cruise ship quarantined over confirmed measles case; ship is not allowed to leave port; nearly 300 passengers and crew can't
Brittney Taylor had all this energy for Bianca little ass but when it came to Remy ma she wanna press charges and get
Regarding my readings, I will be increasing my prices the week after next from £25 to £30. So DM me for a space
This goes for anybody. Don't ship people with others, it makes them feel very uncomfortable.
Barr is doing his best to spread conspiracy theories by not seeking out basic answers before testifying. He's a dangerous
All I wanted out of getting an MFA was to have the opportunity to do the things that my professors who made a
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
Eating guacamole with a spoon like a fockin savage
It's beautiful, isn't it? Trump and all his corporate pals. What they've done to the economy is the equivalent of doping
mood
Jonathan Gruber and Simon Johnson: How to Rebuild America's Economic Foundations
Women are the majority of health care providers and the majority of health care consumers. They would be most hurt
Smh can never just dog women on here in peace my friends always have to come for me
When a woman gets pregnant she has exercised her
Niggas too boujie to smoke a roach now?? Smh
miss the past, its never the same.
Imagine being married to a nigga and at breakfast he like "Ionno what you finna do but I'm single now"
bad habit of put "hahaha" on the end of everything even if it's not funny, having a shite hahaha, got sacked from
i absolutely love people like this. this guy ordered a lettering ($1), and hes adding an extra $5 on top. ty.
It is bitterly disappointing that the High Court has made this decision. The Government's own figures
Hey I don't wanna be a whale can we fix that .. abeg
I have a lot of DM'S lately but no tributes attached, that's unacceptable. #FinDom #FemDom #BBR #sadistic
Like many, I'm caught between the desire to scream or sleep. They're peddling an
McManaman: "The fans here are so protective of Messi. You're not allowed to foul him. To kick him" No, you're are not,
Actor James Woods held prisoner in 'Twitter jail' - WND there's no way in hell this guy should be silenced! #freespeech in
True we must except with democracy comes responsibility.. Property right forms an intergral
dm me love
mood
If you need beats, hit my dm. I'm working with budgets before I have to leave for these shows.
BEST CONTROLLER FORTNITE SENSITIVITY + SETTINGS + DEAD ZONE! (PS4 + XBOX... via
RT if you are loving AG Barr teach basic law to political Democrats who hate Trump more than they love America
Guys say they are not obliged to give their girlfriends money because they're not their fathers. But these same guys want
Ain't dis the same reason wusaname and nem got Nevermind Smh.....
or for Harry dms #RatsZone
. is currently reading derogatory things Peter Strzok said about during the campaign Will
Mood
I hand made a bunch of boob pots - if you'd like one they are listed on my Etsy shop!! Link in bio. If you want a
"I may be small. I may be a girl, but I won't be knitting by the fire while I have men fighting for me." -Lyanna Mormont
I CANTTT yass
I know I ain't perfect, but my love be real af.
Also I want food (lol when do I not...) So I'm gonna take on a few coloured super quick doodles like these... they're
"I love you 3000"
Luckily ypu could matify the shine if u wanted to. bet u totally fprgot about that lol
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
LMOAOSSHWHJBDSJHB F
Hey I don't wanna be a whale can we fix that .. abeg
McManaman: "The fans here are so protective of Messi. You're not allowed to foul him. To kick him" No, you're are not,
Zone fam album done, might be coming back - Watch full episode on youtube
Squirt or wet? Which do you prefer?
Depends on if it's the same regime that drafted the player
Check this out! They locked my backup acct for violating rules saying I tweeted something about New Zealand shooting.
Eminem and Logic on the same track? Y I K E S
Neighborhood goals . . . #fayephotography #msfayephoto #photooftheday #naturephotography #nature
Selective China bet via $FXI $MCHI $ASHR all 3 still no weekly close ABOVE the ORANGE ( and still counting ) &amp;
Nina Turner. Remember where she was on this day, May 1st. Standing with teachers in South Carolina. Walking what
same
jungkook calling twinkies "zombie movie bread" has the same energy as taehyung calling hair dyes "color changing soup"
2. Forget FOMO Forget FOMO by getting out and doing things you love. Find a hobby, take up exercising, join a club,
[dipping my feather quill into the inkwell and adjusting my spectacles] dearest diary, it seems the day is different but
i spoke too soon i spoke too soon i spoke too soon jesus fuck what is wrong with me keep it inside u emo bitch
lit ass, cute ass, romantic ass, therapeutic ass, beautiful ass, can't find this shit nowhere else ass, I wanna go too
What's not to love. Weed, swords, and fire! $TSLA $4000k (not a typo)!
Well excuse us Moneybag Yo, but who in the hell finna willingly &amp; proudly pay $14 for a pack of skittles &amp; a small
BRUH I HATE THESE N*GGERS YOO LMFAOOOOO
We need gun legislation and we need it now! No more senseless tragedies. #guncontrol #UNCCharlotte
No offense but the way men talk to women sometimes is so...??? yikes
Caretaker Tip: Have a cub that's being stubborn about getting out of bed? Just tell them that every time you have to
stripping could be very beneficial for paying off my school loans cause who finna pay it?....not...i....?
Pepper???
You ever felt like you could get pregnant from looking at a picture because same
He is now Dead as a motha fucka! Time to finish the job! ISIS,and all radical groups! Must be exterminated!
Can't afford to see Wiz Khalifa even though I got on a free guest list. Only "women" get in for free. Guess you miss
same energy
Hi Andrea! Are you still experiencing this? If so, please DM us at your earliest convenience.
US Navy sailors were instructed by the ship's senior enlisted sailor to "clap like we're at a strip club" for Vice President
When bae loves you back. THANK YOU TO for featuring me on the promo emails! Have you gotten your tickets
Lammy is right about how bad the Tories are, the problem is the opposition is even worse. A Labour leader who's a
Does anyone have certain family members that bring so much negativity in your life, act like they're better then you,
You have a DM
going to college AND working at the same time is a different type of tired
BREAKING: Elizabeth Warren Has just called on William Barr to resign and for Congress to begin impeachment proceedings
800,000 reasons why Lindsey Graham prefaced today's hearing with the same disinformation used by Kremlin-directed
Lindsey Graham is on fire..and drops an F-bomb in chamber.. I'm telling ya'll the left better be lawyered up.
are all three of the jonas brothers going to be sitting on the same chair
I've came to my conclusion If I bet on your team they'll lose
I'm gonna yeet your ass to another con to go hug ha
I can't even watch him. When I heard his voice 2day I almost tripped over my chair to shut him off
niggas got terrible time management and be having to rush everywhere they go smh. it's me i'm niggas
just goes to show how comfortable they've been in their privilege and mediocrity. These are the folks who still
I'll tell u this lol the last industry nigga to go against DNA still SLEEP RN they know not to play with him
You're more than welcome to come up to Nocona sometime bruh
AF, just kill the joke
NigGaz wilding smh
Team ScoMo. My cartoon.
Fuck you holding up the whole damn division just to quit smh inconsiderate AF
All these Gamora videos are giving me LIFE
I can't believe it. Steele literally did the exact same thing. He was hired by the Football Association to do a job
Oooooo if she's as cute as you hmu with her number :)
Bruh. What. The. Fuck.
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
Lol I love it
Being babied by your nigga &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
JIMIN SAID YES WE ARE ALWAYS IN THE SAME CAR BITCH LOOK AT MY BOYFRIEND LOOK AT HOW PRETTY I AM LOOK AT HOW RICH AND
Fmr. CIA Director John Brennan: "I'm still waiting for those Republicans to realize that the ‘Trump ship' is a sinking one,
.@ChantalHbert .@kady .@althiaraj .@ArthurKent .@johnrobertsFox So is this the same as trying to
Vision is still dead because he wasn't part of the snap. Thanos killed him before
Mood:
Sadly, these stories are all too common. Here are my best communication tips for dealing with bad bosses:
I'm the shit, I know I'm the shit, yeah, I'm super lit If you don't buy me what I want, I'ma THROW A FIT
Tonight with my 6yr old little girl, we lit this #YellowCandle for Alik Raiz age 8 who died as one of 6m jews murdered
wow, your head is huge!!!! Do you even have hair??
Guys tbh
come on bruh

lol. One simple comment and I am blocked. Wow. Sensitive.
"ACLJ" Law Firm (D.C.) Mr. Jay Sekulow Chief Counsel handled the whole case! He
William Barr finally said it. It is not obstruction of justice for the President of the United States to terminate
Final tweet #HandmadeHour one for all #coffee #coffeelovers #giftideas for all lovers of
same
How about taking that same $1K offer and putting it toward adults who put a video together for a good cause and/or charity?
Tonight we lit a candle for Yom HaShoah (Holocaust Memorial Day) in memory of Gorgi Kopner, aged 2. He came from
.Kamala Harris: We Need to Raise Taxes on the MIDDLE CLASS &amp; FORCE Workers Into Unions. Run, don't just
mood
Cruise ship in St. Lucia quarantined over confirmed measles case – NBC News
Say this to a hockey player. Any hockey player. They will all have the same response. But the irony of this tweet is hilarious.
mood
possible even the same user, even back then they
No way. He has like 38. This is b.s. Where he lost some of the middle class, he gained a few that
#WednesdayWisdom #Hate #evil #wicked #Prayer #Peace #GodFamilyCountry #JesusSaves #Jesus #JesusCalling
some people just watch endgame because they wanna join the "hype" you will not understand or enjoy the movie if you skipped
BREAKING: Barr just said "I don't recall" regarding talks with the White House about the Mueller report. When pressed, Barr
can we discuss how they're fighting with TWO HALVES OF NED STARKS SWORD TO DEFEND FUCKING WINTERFELL I'M DEAD
Bruh. What. The. Fuck.
Teachers don't have basic resources they need while billionaires get massive tax breaks. That's a disgrace.
bad news is the hamster's dead. good news is that it's soft, clean and smells like a summer meadow...
wow your man woke
i know that nap after was lit af
"I want Draymond Green to be here forever." — Joe Lacob Many left him for dead months ago, but the game of Draymond
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
Same
Another opportunity came from after a scam. CO-ARMY!!, ARMY FAM!!, YOUR BROKE CO-ARMY NEED YOUR HELP. PLEASE
"Wear something casual, nothing too extra" me:
Don is going to say yep Trump wanted to fire Mueller but he didn't even though he
Denzel Washington in Man on Fire.
INSTAGRAM CLIENTS: Hi dear INSTAGRAM CLIENTS: Good evening Sah INSTAGRAM CLIENTS: *comments section* Beautiful
1) no, you didn't 2) if you date a man are you suddenly straight? No, you're still bisexual 3) you can stop crying
them demons done woke up out of me
Do you ever feel ok but you're empty at the same time &amp; you just want to talk to someone but you feel annoying so you
Girls dont need boyfriends they need this video of Solar performing Fire by BTS
Which guys ?
When you support an book you support an author, an idea, a shared enthusiasm. You make it happen and are
same i dislike them very much, i don't get along w most of the libras, at all its weird
//I'm feeling really good today. Feel free to dm me "This pants is so tight" #LewdRP #NSFW #OpenRP #Hentai
The hard truth is, your favourite activists are so loud, until it's something like rape, sexual rights and/or GBV.
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
Lmao hell yea smh
I don't get too exercised about the kit either way tbh. It's not like I'm going to buy it or
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
McManaman: "The fans here are so protective of Messi. You're not allowed to foul him. To kick him" No, you're are not,
Dm me
Fuck u say dudes name is?
Tarja shares lyric video for her epic new single Dead Promises
I need a girl i can roast and she won't start crying 10 mins later
Fam the nostalgia is real..
I love you 3000
waiting for the train makes me in THE WORST MOOD
How can a female go to church, homie hop, be a side bitch all at the same damn time. Girls now a days are loosing the
Today we celebrate #SchoolPrinicipalsDay. Principals are key in NMSI's work of transforming school cultures to increase access
Talented, brilliant, incredible, amazing, show stopping, spectacular, never the same, totally unique
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
U ever paying attention in class and still be completely lost bc same
my parents only took me once as a kid and i'll probably do the same with my kids lmao fuck that place
Ever the same
Disagree with what you've said tbh. Vlad was older and off a nearly 2 year lay
For a second I contemplated deleting twitter for a bit cos I thought some of y'all's performative "woke" ideas and
You got this buddy
yup... its not easy but same ideology as "you are who you surround yourself with"... you're usually the
Some basic training for "other" people
I apologize if I've ever done this to smh
The fact that damn near every person in the replies laughing is a non-black woman......
Well excuse us Moneybag Yo, but who in the hell finna willingly &amp; proudly pay $14 for a pack of skittles &amp; a small
Petty af LOL
s7 feels so useless now like the wight hunt to prove cersei that the AoTD was real led to nothing. the dead never
when you realize the glow up skipped you and ur going to be ugly forever.
Same
Did you film it? I imagine it would have been a major hit on r/popping
Good Evening from the Force Control Room here in Headquarters! You can now send us a Direct Message (DM) to report any
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
Thank you, Ma'am! You were on Fire! Yes! I was feeling Americans in The House! Great feeling!... you know, as opposed
But now what I am most curious about is what if I did that exact same clip using say Sonya Blades daughter, or another
Baldwin is such a scumbag!!! And he'll get away with it cause he's a lib!!!! #hypocrites
Fuck I hate Sprint bruh
Dothraki charge at dead army. Lyanna charges at giant. Theon charges at Night King. How is this effective
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
a mood
Ter Stegen is Barca's best player this season tbh, man is unreal
says AG Barr didn't do very well today. Yes, Judge Nap who is dumb as a post, the same one who
Jimmy Fallon and Paul Rudd side by side with Dead or Alive's You Spin Me... via
"Saw Palmetto" 2018 2 "not use different forms..topical..same time without medical
Who else fam?
Out of the fire and back into the fireplaces then, Gav.
Extra special part of this exchange: how long has Barr even been AG? 9 weeks? How many retaliation requests did he need to
Remember, you are not born to stay the same. You're allowed to change, to be better, to break and become, to evolve, to
Just started a stroll down old #CPC lane, lots of material to explore, yikes!
It may feel like an abrupt subject change. Don't worry; if it injects life into conversation, you've done well.
Same. No reason to settle. She is by far the best candidate in the full sea of candidates running in the Democratic
All I'm saying for Endgame is my heart hurts but is so full at the same time. Cried the majority of the film
Culture, beer, mountains, cities, history... that's
jk rowling and the russo brothers have the same energy
Big mood.
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
a mood
mOOD !! i literally dk and im STRESSED like i want to do something really cute lol
Same
i wish i would have taken ceramics, but everyone said the dust in the classroom was horrible &amp; it turned me off
The worst type of pal. My pals wanty go back way the same shitty guy 100x over al be there to pick the pieces up every
RT if you are loving AG Barr teach basic law to political Democrats who hate Trump more than they love America
I'm in a good ass mood...y'all hear me? God is working fr.
So now Bill Barr too? Smh. Everybody who works with Trump eventually lies. And lies. And lies.
as someone who basically uses bro and dude as punctuation, THIS. it's how i naturally talk, but i
Oh god, one of the living dead,
If the people of #mumbai were able to clean up Versova beach, then what's stopping others from doing the same?
Also, so weird that &amp; Democrats now seem so concerned about Rod Rosenstein overseeing the Mueller Probe when
i'm boutta get all up in this bagel bruh
"You're funny af" "You're super nice wow"
It's AAPI Heritage Month &amp; I'm proud to celebrate our diversity. The "model minority" myth suggests all of us are the
WHOS TRYNNA GO TO THE JONAS BROTHERS CONCERT IN DETROIT IN SEPTEMBER ??? PLS DM ME IM SERIOUS
The funniest and saddest thing is, the girl she punched, is the same one she lectured on one of the reunions about
Oh for fucks same
Translation: is standing w/ Donald Trump, Mike Pompeo, John Bolton, and Elliot Abrams as they attempt a regime
|| LONG CONCEPT || TW: SOMNOPHILIA It's 2:13 a.m. The red numbers on the alarm clock burn the Subs eyes as they
Just putting this out there - please share with anyone to whom it may be relevant! I would LOVE to receive pitches
Best-selling books of 2018: Michelle Obama's "Becoming" -- 3.4 million "Magnolia Table" -- 1.3 million "Girl, Wash Your
Same
big mood
i wish u looked at me like that smh
Y'all remember when we all were found dead because of this look
FUCKINT QUEEN SLAY ME HAVE FUN BBY SKAKLSMALAMA
Isn't that kinda the same?
If you ain't tryna fuck with me like this i don't want you
Tbh $500 for the vip package to meet James Charles still expensive
calories from cheese are fine if you are low-carb, it's mostly protein and fat
That's horrible.
Just say yikes and move on with your life
On Yom HaShoah we remember the six million Jews killed in the Holocaust. I've lit a candle for Gyorgy Farkas who died
We can't ignore climate change, but at the same time, you are so very out of touch with what is
Adulting is cancelling a R100 Uber ride and walking to the rank to take a R11 taxi to the same destination
The entire screentime of Marvel Cinematic Universe is 3000 minutes. I love you, 3000.
Austin regan gotta chill
Arturo Vidal looks like a default Fire Pro wrestler who is clearly meant to be Tazz
9 times outta 10 when someone is talking shit about vegan food especially the "no flavor" comment, they've never
Why I gotta play the tight rope, be aware, and stay woke.? Cause Ima black man. I stay strong while the world
Fmr. CIA Director John Brennan: "I'm still waiting for those Republicans to realize that the ‘Trump ship' is a sinking one,
Same
tbh i really don't care as long as bts are having fun . it's what they deserve
PEOPLE DEAD ASS BE BITTER.
Hey guys we are looking for an additional roommate for FWA. Safe space, non-party, quiet, clean, friendly. $167.49 for
"living your life based on first principles is an undiversified, high-volatility bet; you should diversify your
Considering I've been depressed AF, I low key snapped with these swatches
fucking same (((((:
Wish all the people who don't care about game of thrones could tweet about one thing at the same time so the GOT fans
RT if you are loving AG Barr teach basic law to political Democrats who hate Trump more than they love America
Barcelona playing like trash rn smh
Eww dead ass. I look so fugly in those midnight t photos.
Cruise ship quarantined over confirmed measles case; ship is not allowed to leave port; nearly 300 passengers and crew can't
Same group of felons ain't no adding to the picture! Smack a couple bitches watch the charges get bigger!
Nazi's were far left Socialist is what they were and there was nothing Nationalist
Tragic.
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
Nobody: White boys 08-13
new moon in sidereal aries is a universal 3-personal 4 day. 3 as action, motivation, fire. 4 as drive, determination,
Bryce on being booed: "I'd do the same thing."
We stay in the same kasi in soweto, she is married but when she need a good dick she knows where to get it lol
You're right. He just got fatter everything else is the same.
Same place... different seasons! Shogran 28/4/2019 Shogran 10/1/2019 Via Imtiaz Khan #BeautifulPakistan
Lol I love it
If you're like this but not ugly dm me
I went from a combi set nike to ap2 recently I like the extra distance I'm getting from irons(1
and I when we're drunk tbh
Mood
Neil, Nap is and has never been right about anything Trump related and he's not on the same level as Barr.
Levsky added a bet 'UNAN-Managua - Juventus Managua' with odds and prediction 2.50 to
Let's take them down I'm hiring to fill the New Presidential cabinet and would love you on board as
It's the met gala next week and the theme is ‘camp' and I swear to god if I see basic dresses and black tuxes I'm
SAME
when bae starts playing too much
Exactly. Isn't that the argument Reps tried using to get Obama
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
Congratulations on this semester! I know how hard it is to go to school and work. I'm a full-time
I'm so sick of seeing threats from her. She been threatening for years and never once did shit. Was IN YOUR HOME
*the squad song, because fuyuhiko has friends*
Tonight we lit a #YellowCandle to remember Hesa Wolffailer of Chrzanow, who died in Auschwitz aged 8
Shocking scenes in Venezuela as defected soldiers fire back to protect protesters from pro-Maduro forces attack.
percy pigs: we removed the gelatine so everyone can eat them :) they taste the same don't worry gelatine is flavourless
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
Avocado letting you know she's going to cost extra
So this young man has been going through a whole lot and would appreciate your help to start a small business. Please
WRITTEN IN THE STARS won the California Medal for young readers. Thank you this is extra special to me because
now all of a sudden everybody pop tf up at the same time .. tuah
i have a question about your services, can we talk via DM?
is looking for girls who want to shoot anal porn for good pay! We also pay your travel and
I can imagine it's a hard balance. Not many games cater to two
What's goodie fam? Just checked that Too Many joint you did, &amp; I think you'd fit nice on my
tomato head is an ugly shit anyway, why they cooshe him smh my smh my head head
"Trump promised to drain the swamp and he flooded his national security team with that exact swamp" says
tbh tweeting your emotions is better than saying it to other people
Man aged 88 charged with murder of woman at Melbourne retirement village Martin Luther Homes via
Avocado letting you know she's going to cost extra
Yup, it's time baby. Bring the fire.
My sister never answers my calls, but if it were someone else damn she would answer it real quick smh.
William Barr is exactly the kind of Republican that Democrats say they respect. Yet when he doesn't do exactly what
mood
Messi is tired AF. or he just lacks the stimana.
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
SEOKJIN SAID I LOVE YOU 3000 N HOSEOK STARTED SNAPPING HOS FINGERS WHERE MY MARVEL ARMY STANS AT
no that shit is so sexy lol
jungkook and tom holland same energy
It was an ambush on the kid tbh #ReaSpicy #ReaTsotella
all day every day
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
Minseok: (...) But instead, please don't let your eyes wander/get distracted (or) I'll get really upset. Just try going to
Bruh. What. The. Fuck.
What a hypocrite: While Trump demonizes immigrants, his New York country club exploits undocumented workers and steals
/Why do I want to say to someone sad: "Mood" and just walk away.../
Bitch you thirsty please grab a sprite
WH Pess Sec. Sarah Sanders: "AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for
mood
The whole "idc" act is dead. You dont have emotions? Thats ok. go be toxic elsewhere
trying to get gas and the cashier was too distracted by the stock charger getting gas... please stop staring at
The hard truth is, your favourite activists are so loud, until it's something like rape, sexual rights and/or GBV.
Can't fucking stand kill shelters. Why are these even a thing? Someone adopt this poor boy
Barack Obama wanted to tell the American people about Russia's interference and he wanted
I need to be in 2 meetings at the same time rn but option 3 would be go to the bar with the fun people... hmmm...
First Nations on track to expropriate land and farms from private land owners Next it's the rights of resource
The Sonic Movie is basically if you asked a random person on the street, "what do you know about Sonic?" on the most
Reason why Liverpool won't win shit
Hello! I decided to take in A6 watercolor comms ($12) like these for doujima and can be collected at the event itself.
I am promoting a series of upcoming tournaments if he interest is there if anyone would like to retweet for
Bitch wrote people referrals for doing hw on the bus..I literally woke up so triggered thinking about it
So soca isn't introducing a "new culture" far as I'm concerned 4 years ago, nobody could give af about
Bruh high school lunch is fucking garbage don't nobody wanna chug down milk after eating a pizza
Not very woke!
I dunno fam with a lotta people it seems like they're eating loads but if
My niece said a Native boy from a different rez comes to school with his hair wet and brush for her to braid it everyday.
I woke up from my nap in a good mood I'm so mf pissed off.
I don't wanna get my hopes up tbh but I hope they win best group, not only sales wise, altho their success will be
me bumping the same song I've listened to about 456 times already
No they are dramatic af for no reason!!
just people purposely leaving me out . i thought my mood was back up, but its rlly not now im

An inconvenient fact they don't want you to know: Paul Manafort was indicted for the SAME CRIMES that Mueller prosecuted him
Dumpster fire
WTF!!! Bet they've ruined it like they do EVERYTHING else!!!!!
Agree with all but why not that complete and utter Tosser Martial ?
So the liar ex-con Fiona Onasanya has been forced to stand down by her constituents in Peterborough. The
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
Blumenthal's wtf face is all of us.
lulaaa omg id dm u but my dms arent working. stay safe!! fuck men, ily &lt;3
Mood
also lil bbmas spoiler (not really) but y'all remember bts stages in america? like no decor and absolutely no flavor, it was
Your favorite sister dommes, and I, went out for a sub funded lunch! DM to be dual drained by the
Shop with me to get quality and affordable shirts, sweatshirts sneakers, available as seen.. Delivery NationWide *Dm
When an African woman starts winning them all, there'll always be those who try move the finish line. Will these crazy
Only requirement is a working computer and ANY android/samsung device
morgan: my mom said dad's up in the stars now but i can't see him yet.. when you go back up to space, can you give him a
I was thinking the same thing earlier when she did that quick interview with ABC News
What a hypocrite: While Trump demonizes immigrants, his New York country club exploits undocumented workers and steals
AND THE ERIC NAM VERSION WOKE!!!!
On Yom HaShoah we remember the six million Jews killed in the Holocaust. I've lit a candle for Gyorgy Farkas who died
pants on fire.
This nigga told me to dm the sugar daddy that followed me &amp; to secure my bag ... what the fuck . He better dm me
lol i watch these on youtube all the time so satisfying and motivates you to do the same
This continuous harassment of women must stop. Yesterday it was police going on rampage harassing and arresting LGBT
Athletic club to ‘cease operations'/ Boy, 9, shot, suspect sought/ Timeline for massive fire cleanup at state
Athletic club to ‘cease operations'/ Boy, 9, shot, suspect sought/ Timeline for massive fire cleanup at state
Bruh I just seen one madddd video of a man getting tumped up and pissed on in prison for allegedly snitching on a
broke: "It's not possible to govern the country solely with a majority of the
Is it... My babies got the same momma I think, I did good. Or.... My babies got the same momma, I think I did
Everyone is busy revising, its almost like I should be doing the same?
I like how all the Liverpool players are tireless working in this match. Same can't be said of others.
Oof I don't think I'd feel like this after pero it's for the best
Liverpool deserves a goal tbh
Super lit
Has Barr been asked under oath if he's read the entire text of the Mueller report? He can't answer basic questions
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
This is what happened (almost forgot to mention that during intercourse he deliberately removed his condom without her
Listen if my knee don't get better by this week imma personally go to a ditch put a SHIT load of wood pieces into
Hey Noobsie fam! Tomorrow is my birthday. So, to celebrate I'll be doing a special stream starting at about 12pm
Clean af. You outkicked your coverage, bruv. Well done!
Everyone is busy revising, its almost like I should be doing the same?
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
i miss you — Maybe I miss you too, so dm me please!
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
Girls with guy best friends are dangerous, they know all the G codes. They extra tough to crack, that nigga be slowing down
thanks keep it
They were on fire! They made the show a little more bearable!
Not in the mood.
This is a real thing my friends. Stay woke.
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
McManaman: "The fans here are so protective of Messi. You're not allowed to foul him. To kick him" No, you're are not,
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
I hand made a bunch of boob pots - if you'd like one they are listed on my Etsy shop!! Link in bio. If you want a
On Yom HaShoah we remember the six million Jews killed in the Holocaust. I've lit a candle for Gyorgy Farkas who died
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
nd this is johnny's white sHIRT WITH COFFEE STAIN AFTER THT HHSFFHJ what a day for mr johnny suh
Meanwhile, #Tontodikeh's Ex, Churchill Olakunle says he's thankful. Dm for Paid Ads
ew these niggas are sick, i'll pass. there's one i'm questioning but other than him you niggas not getting a
Final score in tonight's friendly was 5 3. First half we went 5-0 up with goals from
Depends. People in dreams can B literal or symbolic. Dreams R symbolic expressions of ur feelings abt
So I was trying to stay awake all the day (and I was dying to sleep back then) baas now when I reached to the
Hey I don't wanna be a whale can we fix that .. abeg
i honestly think that's what imma do tbh
Well excuse us Moneybag Yo, but who in the hell finna willingly &amp; proudly pay $14 for a pack of skittles &amp; a small
Be safe, MDVA has been extra moronic these past couple months!
Every student should be offered heart checks! #PreviousYoungLife #ScreenEmAll #GotHeartGetScreened
BREAKING NEWS: God is finna Open Doors, Block Distractions, &amp; Renew Your Mind
Just say yikes and move on with your life
What is making me so mad is why was this letter a secret for AN ENTIRE MONTH to allow the public perception to continue to
BBC News - Ashdown Forest: Fire breaks out in Winnie the Pooh wood
idc what anyone says, THESE TWO BAGS DO NOT TASTE THE SAME!
#JeSuisCalme is my life motto tbh
I personally believe I woke up in 2008 in an alternate universe lol
Watching this I realised we went to the same Red Tour show!
when you realize the glow up skipped you and ur going to be ugly forever.
Bacc At It Again - Yella Beezy, Quavo, &amp; Gucci Mane
I won't saying anything but thank you, then I'll pretend like it never happened. I'm not trying to control you,
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
eh i know but whats worse is eve was good until they picked up a cod leader who quit leading because he was
#Zukerberg loves to come out &amp; show support for "minority" groups. Will he show same support for #MAGA supporters who are
I know not every Liverpool fan is like this, it's only a minority but it's still not acceptable it's embarassing and
Yeah same. Life is hell atm but oh well. But yeah like I said dm, snap, discord, mail me if u need. Fellow bpd friend
Following two years of advocacy by a coalition of actors ( name them ) In June, 2018, signed the 2018 Budget
My coworkers told me that despite me saying "I'm okay" they can tell when something is wrong with me because I'm normally happy 24/7 smh
BREAKING: Elizabeth Warren Has just called on William Barr to resign and for Congress to begin impeachment proceedings
i know it's so weird like!!!! i'm gonna be in the same space as them!! i'm gonna sing their songs with
She is.
Provin once again NYT/WaPo LIE about Barr as crybaby Mueller complains about media NOT Barr Meanwhile what
If ABC doesnt fire here they are lame! Call Karey Burke.. President of ABC at 800-230-0229
For the record, I don't normally drop F bombs in public. This was an appropriate response though. Let the dogs bark.
honestly same
and a group of CSO's will speaking to the governor's wife's forum later today on Act (Section 11)
me bumping the same song I've listened to about 456 times already
The 3 on the bottom should be: Venezuelans* *deluded and uneducated unless they support Maduro 100% but trust us, guys we
Same.
OMG I can't even imagine going. I would prob just implode but with glitter
cute date idea: find your local sex offenders and set them on fire
Hey so trying taking commissions RestlessReksArt@Gmail.com So if you are interested, please DM me. Will Draw:
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
Why No Public Outrage? Why Media Silent? Why Gadchiroli not important for a day even but Pulwama is for months? Because
Dead friends
New pics from #GameofThrones S8 E4 shows the North burning the dead and getting ready for war with #Cersei
I hope May finna be a good month
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
Same here
if my stupid jerk lil brother gets me sick again, im going to reee so hard
31- the only naruto ship
14- each member of NCT is needed and like NCT wouldn't be the same if we were lacking a member but if i had to
Don't compare your life to other people. Run your race. God's purpose for your life is not the same as theirs. Don't look
I would enjoy a variation of the villain's 'you and I are the same' speech where the villain realizes the
Same here baby *smiles*
Two people dead and several injured at the University of North Carolina in Charlotte and NOT A SINGLE MAJOR TELEVISION
The 3 on the bottom should be: Venezuelans* *deluded and uneducated unless they support Maduro 100% but trust us, guys we
Yooooo I just saw my mans #BillyGotti and the fam in Walmart!!
they used to apologise for making me put text on screen... now it's normal for me to send kian to space and get
Lucy Liu gets a star on the Hollywood Walk Of Fame the same day as Destiny's Child "Survivor" album came out 18 years ago
So if you'd just take one more extra step and divide 450 into 3,500,000 you'd
over 50000 #Palestinian children have been detained by Israeli soldiers since 1967. and #IOF Indian Occupation
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
But her reply revealed alot tbh
I saw that in the article posted by Globe and Mail. If this were #Trudeau doing the exact same thing
your exes only talk bad about you bc you're living the life they tried to keep you from — yikes.
Goals
Bet you a million quid Southampton win it
Tbh nah Bt I won't quit
Acoustic Lounge was a vibe, thank you to everyone who came to support me, it was dope seeing familiar faces around. The
Sweet Jesus. Those Ferrari V12 engines sound magical.
Funny how the same people asking if I'll ever have children change their tune about the pitter patter of tiny feet when
Hillary lost because 4 million Obama voters stayed home (disproportionately
Mom: call me more School: remember that big project's due next week Work: do your job better Friends: ur never free
I wish certain gaming communities felt the same kind of rage towards games companies abusing workers as they do when a
when a male character is confident, they're praised as "cool", "badass", "inspiring" and "witty" but when a female shows
Dem go dey shout goat upandan Awon ewure
Classic First he hired undocumented workers. Then he refused to pay them.
Ed Oliver bruh
All of the awards are open! All of them! Please bring these to the attention of all Victorian-flavoured scientists
Yikes
Ladies, inboxing me saying "would you like to make some extra money" is the equivalent of a nigga sending you an
When you commit to taking action and refuse to let anything sidetrack you from your goals, there is nothing you can't
Isn't that when Ted Kennedy fled as captain of his ship and let a girl drown ? That Ted?

Ditto who voted against triggering Article 50. She too has tried her best. A vote for Labour, whether or not
Well excuse us Moneybag Yo, but who in the hell finna willingly &amp; proudly pay $14 for a pack of skittles &amp; a small
Bidding is now at £500 so I am throwing in a pair of Matchworn and signed Boly boots from this season.....
Has Barr been asked under oath if he's read the entire text of the Mueller report? He can't answer basic questions
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
two of my oomfs are asking to be nominated for the same stan award
Best-selling books of 2018: Michelle Obama's "Becoming" -- 3.4 million "Magnolia Table" -- 1.3 million "Girl, Wash Your
I would be happy to assist. Please DM me for further assistance. -Rebecca S
Tbh im not excited but its madonna so :)) And no i dont like m*luma bc of how he is and his music lol
Thanks for breaking down the national strategies for #dementia, showing how we align locally to
A thread on miss snowberrytae who's fake af and a whole Jimin anti and yet ppl gave her 560k+ followers :)
this is the same guy that just wrote a whole book about justice that is probably sitting on some of yalls shelves as we
SEOKJIN SAID I LOVE YOU 3000 N HOSEOK STARTED SNAPPING HOS FINGERS WHERE MY MARVEL ARMY STANS AT
funny how some artist get dragged by western journalist for releasing 4 ver of one album but when a white western
"He had a few things he wanted to do, so I thought I'd help him out." How pop superstar helped Richard
Hi, we're truly sorry to hear that you have had this experience and would like to investigate this
she's not wrong on the Iran-Contra comparison i guess
all 3 jonas brothers finna sit on the same chair or?
dreamed that i'd completed major fraud and tax evasions with kirby. woke up and remembered i wasn't supposed to tell you
SEOKJIN SAID I LOVE YOU 3000 N HOSEOK STARTED SNAPPING HOS FINGERS WHERE MY MARVEL ARMY STANS AT
mood
RT if you are loving AG Barr teach basic law to political Democrats who hate Trump more than they love America
The colour of the conquerors, the survivors, the brave and the house of fire - Red has always been the colour of
I'll dm you so we don't blow fins phone up
I would love to see a discussion fo why the American media gave 1000x more coverage to an Ebola outbreak in Africa in
"What guides our selective attention is the same as what kept our earliest ancestors alive: our
Tbh not on either side in that matter but from a different view sometimes it be the fan base that be
Oh so he can play the same song 6x in a row but lemme play naked by Ella mai more then once and his ass like
BRUH
When ur fam doesn't approve of ur outfit
"Eh? Period blood?" He didn't pay full attention in sex ed so he doesn't quite
And because they were directed launch an investigation by Hillary &amp; the DNC. Which are one in the same!
The heat is coming as so is the wildlife. It's important to be able to identify animal species and know the laws
Earth, Wind &amp; Fire - December (Based on "September")
Might not wanna sign a new deal in Jax then tbh.....its proven time and again that this football
Lmaooooooooooooooooo whew these folks finna see about me
Ryan Destiny - The Same [Official Music Video] #RyanDestiny #TheSame
BRUH I HATE THESE N*GGERS YOO LMFAOOOOO
Why No Public Outrage? Why Media Silent? Why Gadchiroli not important for a day even but Pulwama is for months? Because
I bet Tucker gets in trouble for this one. We aren't used to hearing both sides of a story. Seems Bolton is gung-ho for
are all three of the jonas brothers going to be sitting on the same chair
bruh my friends are so useless.. i really wanna go to a wedding but none of these mfs wanna get married smh
I think bc he was created with dragon glass he was immune to dragon fire
What a hypocrite: While Trump demonizes immigrants, his New York country club exploits undocumented workers and steals
Second day of not seeing a single purchase. Not sure what's going on? Can't be dead now of all times :p
Sorry to hear about that! Please provide us your mobile number through DM, so we can connect.
are all three of the jonas brothers going to be sitting on the same chair
same
facts!
"stretch goals" are an ingenious device for succeeding but still being disappointed with yourself
woke up: vagina still smooth
are all three of the jonas brothers going to be sitting on the same chair
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
Apologise for the poor-quality video, had to record it on my phone But watch this absolutely destroys
same energy
His surcoat was a swirl of smoke and fire woven together.
before you dm a sex worker, make sure to read their bio first. if they have a pinned tweet, go through it. scroll a
idc what anyone says, THESE TWO BAGS DO NOT TASTE THE SAME!
If Barr gave the same shockingly garbage level legal analyses on his 1L finals he would not be returning for 2L in the fall.
Current mood: prove them all wrong.
some people just watch endgame because they wanna join the "hype" you will not understand or enjoy the movie if you skipped
Any former soccer players wanna full force kick me in the balls? Dm me
BernieSanders: Teachers don't have basic resources they need while billionaires get massive tax breaks. That's a
Damn, your dm in shambles now huh
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
#BBMAsTopSocial BTS Bruh seriously what the heck was that? Half paper or double scissors? Even he himself
Is this some sort of sick joke? Psyonix really? Epic ruined fortnite esports, they are gonna do the same to
Research note: I'll worry about flapplause &amp; other "autism wars" hysteria right after autistics stop being denied basic
Athletic club to ‘cease operations'/ Boy, 9, shot, suspect sought/ Timeline for massive fire cleanup at state
You would of thought we all want to win!! Same last night with
that shit just ruined my mood
Has Barr been asked under oath if he's read the entire text of the Mueller report? He can't answer basic questions
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
Adam Brody!
She got beat up kicked out the crib and she single all in the same day lol
And it's all over! Despite late Olympique Meth pressure and a raft of players going down with cramp Bayern Neverlusen
Probably me tbh
"Wear something casual, nothing too extra" me:
will never be over how thirsty and obvious lucas is here #skamfrance
whose gonna buy this and ship it to england for me then?
rt dm #img20plus

rt dm #img20plus
BIG FUCKIN MOOD
The way how everybody under the post a defend the dog I would think the dog more important than the child. "teach
So the liar ex-con Fiona Onasanya has been forced to stand down by her constituents in Peterborough. The
Bruh
Mood
Lol I love it
How many are you going to fire?
Your mii looks nothing like you tbh
Well first off, I'm watching the show not playing the VN. And world lines are parralel worlds
... 14th term? For a guy who acts like this? Oof...
When I'm in the mood to get fucked, there is Nothing hotter than a hot man taking charge and making me feel like a
mood
Yeah same, knew he was on at some stage but forgot the date. Got reminded by bumping into some lads
can we discuss how they're fighting with TWO HALVES OF NED STARKS SWORD TO DEFEND FUCKING WINTERFELL I'M DEAD
It says same site...
Wife: What did you do at work? Me: Same ole same ole.
Orange IT supporters are MENTAL AF!! Or INBRED...
Grey's Anatomy 'ship watch: The state of Jolex, MerLuca, Jaggie, &amp; more #GreysAnatomy #Jolex #MerLuca
Buy Now Nobody Listens To Nobody T-Shirts #ad #wsj #nytimes #reuters #bloomberg
Girl, stop.....
Another unrealistic body standard being pushed on women smh
Teachers don't have basic resources they need while billionaires get massive tax breaks. That's a disgrace.
Wow this would be interesting!! I would like to see Lynch back. Obviously he's not the
aw that's lit
Draymond had LeBron eyes looking like that too. Nigga dead ass be digging in his butt before games
Acornkids, join the team now and make an extra income. See our May specials!! #Acornkids #joinus #educational!!
2019 someone has to love you 3000 and it won't just be jesus loooll
They do allow paper fans though! I know it's not the
Mood
SAME
Draymond had LeBron eyes looking like that too. Nigga dead ass be digging in his butt before games
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
"Wear something casual, nothing too extra" me:
Been doing it for 2 years now so I'm chill
Several forests in the region have controlled (prescribed or Rx) burns happening this time of year. Check their
Putin was busy dropping 100s of Wagner Group operatives into Vz. You know, the same
When God is about to bless you. The devil comes to distract you with problem after problem so you can feel weight on your
them kickbacks at Ashley house use to be lit. them been the good ole days.
I'll send some lucky ones a dm~
them kickbacks at Ashley house use to be lit. them been the good ole days.
A candlelight vigil will be held at 6 p.m. Wednesday in Halton Arena in response to the shooting.
Do you want to know how dead the Mueller report is , and the Russian collusion narrative is? The unredacted version
He seems to be having more impact (and fun) outside it tbh
#MasoodAzhar being branded a global terrorist is good news. Caution: #HafizSaeed is also in the same global terrorist
RT if you are loving AG Barr teach basic law to political Democrats who hate Trump more than they love America
Two, one is a fire fighter and the other is an RN. Please go on with
Thrilled to announce LEGEND OF THE FIRE PRINCESS, an original graphic novel with NEW content including a BIG REVEAL!
Triggered.
hey need a banner ? dm me
Lima, BLT 3/5: Covering Ground Marines with Lima Company, Battalion Landing Team 3rd Battalion, 5th Marine Regiment,
The same people sayin "D3y ZigNeD Üp 4 DiS" are prolly the same ones bitching about people not giving a
Most likely tbh
BRUH I HATE THESE N*GGERS YOO LMFAOOOOO
EP13: Don't Take It Personal. We talk about how we take EVERYTHING personal. We even perceive things that aren't
Teachers don't have basic resources they need while billionaires get massive tax breaks. That's a disgrace.
BREAKING: Elizabeth Warren Has just called on William Barr to resign and for Congress to begin impeachment proceedings
Avocado letting you know she's going to cost extra
Why must we equate "playoff hockey" with "hockey where rules don't apply"?? The standard when the stakes are raised
BREAKING: Elizabeth Warren Has just called on William Barr to resign and for Congress to begin impeachment proceedings
It feel so good to be in my home. But at the same time just sigh.
Rep. Ilhan Omar asserted "This is not going to be the country of white people" during a rally in DC yesterday.
"Everybody not built the same" yeah but that's not an excuse for you not to be held accountable for your
Hey have some shame. You are the same person who went to a Begusarai to supoort - the
Nah alright, this one is here is too far. Did she score 91 goals in a calendar year? No.
Ever look back at your old pics and think "who tf did i think i was" LMFAOO smh
I was afraid to tell my mom I was having sex at 15. When I did, she took me in for the same thing even
I bet she got this wrong too
mood
Just say yikes and move on with your life
chris evans and chris hemsworth realising they are the dictionary term for "thicc"
I got Gamora good lol. Star Lord gonna be pissed AF.
BLITZ! Sketch Commissions Open! Round 4: In Lightning and In Truth If interested, shoot me a DM or email. Commissions open
Tesco shopper horrified to find dead MAGGOTS in his coleslaw
jungkook calling twinkies "zombie movie bread" has the same energy as taehyung calling hair dyes "color changing soup"
when i see peers popping off about Detective Pikachu and Sonic on here I imagine my dad in 1992 coming home from a long
Why isn't your Lane Closure report accurate? I driven home from the playoffs games
*Parents*- Kevin Odgers is babysitting for 16$ an hour this summer. He is known to be good with kids (per other
Johnny Suh Johnny Cute Johnny Handsome Johnny Baby Johnny Talented Johnny Funny Johnny Sexy Johnny Chicago Johnny
Is that even possible like where does the umbilical cord go
Gets a lot of air space. Diddy teams. Diddy league. Would NOT surprise me if the women's teams up there are
Funny thing is, the State AG of NY has subpoenaed very much the same documentation from Deutsche Bank and the
YIKES
i need some real mutuals here, like i mean texting 24/7, interacting like as we‘ve been friends for 3 years already, not
Cologne will get a female attention before a gucci belt will
The same book that Tristram Hunt selected in the BBC's Great Ideas series. So will you call him an
because I'm working Saturday and off Sunday... We're celebrating Revenge Of The 5th rather than May the
Hope I win, I'm number 178
I believe the only way a candidate can inspire voters to choose them is by laying out a bold, unapologetically
I am not interested in DM service bcoz there also u give the same response . U all just know how to cheat . #againstswiggy
Maybe she's fucking going to get a free mammogram or Pap smear because she doesn't have health insurance? Maybe she's
JIN JUST SAID.... I LOVE YOU 3000 TO US... MARVELARMYS....
feeling a little frustrated this past week with releases. Updated #Vs4Mac and it's been a complete
Same
I hope so! I wasn't able to reach all of my April Goals so I really want to dig deep and make May my month!
Dm sent.
..... haaan i just wannna chill
cooking videos?? theyre fun and chill and i love watching anyone cooking
Lol uDeso be out there scamming people R15K... smh lomjita.
Sign me up fam
"Wear something casual, nothing too extra" me:
need someone in south korea to say fuck it and allow stray kids, ateez, loona, itzy, nct, the boyz, everglow, txt to
Get a man that will support your Sexy and Geek side. #goals
One of the two students killed when a gunman opened fire at the University of North Carolina at Charlotte was hailed as
Let it pass (this time) he has lit the candle for a victim let it serve its purpose #YellowCandle
Patrick Njiru is so vibrant and unpretentious. The way he lit up while describing the rally events?! Priceless.
Manzoor lists PTM's 5 demands at Feb '18 jalsa: 1 Form a JIT to find out who killed Naqeebullah Mehsud &amp; punish them 2
"I called your name like 5 times. I bet you didn't hear me bc you chew so loud." -@BrandySchoenbb Oof she's not wrong tho
Fun night at archery tonight with an informal competition. Shooting a Warwick round, I shot a short round and
Same here
We would love to chat with you about this, please DM us for contact info. Thank you!
'What is Amazon Fire TV?': Everything you need to know about Amazon's media
Dang it Twitter! I got peeps to follow and you're not letting me! I'll catch up, I promise!
I din radio i morgen.
SEOKJIN SAID I LOVE YOU 3000 N HOSEOK STARTED SNAPPING HOS FINGERS WHERE MY MARVEL ARMY STANS AT
He's not confused about the facts Or anything else He's stunned at the stunningly dense "questions" the Dems keep
Barr did his best. Kamala, Klobuchar, and Leahy did MY best. (h/t Adam Carolla, who might not be in the same place politically)
Nah fam! That team was spent! Tired legs, plus unprecedented success...no way we were gonna win
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
same
SAME
Check ur DM
The story of this admin is going to be "Republicans of conscience" diligently doing what they
Bad attitude but im cute so he call me bae
When Harriet pulled the trigger and Brutus followed by doing the same is what we call a "ride and die" relationship.
I woke up to the feeling of an ant running across my face. and yeah it's just an ant luckily not a spider but at the same
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
bet bet is a fucking bop
tbh, i have no idea who this is but i feel like.... i should? who is she.
Teachers don't have basic resources they need while billionaires get massive tax breaks. That's a disgrace.
Las Vegas peeps! If you don't have plans tonight and wanna see my friend host the Billboard Music
hrrrnnggh Soundwave, I'm trying to catch the meddling humans but I'm dummy thicc and the clap from my trigger
I love you - English Je t'aime - French Te amo - Spanish Aishiteru - Japanese Saranghae - Korean Ti amo - Italian Se
thinking about how chan is always the str*ight friend in all of the fics, the same excuse "he was a minor" its like a gay
imagine if got7 and exo were attending the bbmas as well do you know how lit that'd be !!
I bet dead people are easier to get along with. #Bot
Since I'm in a Mood right now, can I ask if the pacing in Abodebound is okay? I kinda feel like certain things
Would you look at that - an opportunity to get yourself a headshot! Will be finished in the same quality as the
No I just woke up ahahah
HOW IS HE SO CUTE AND HOT AT THE SAME TIME?¿?
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
Dm me
I nearly did the same with a jet washer in the middle isle of Lidl, Untill I noticed the
Let me be you're sex slave, willing to do anything X DM, retweet and you'll get a dick pic #cumtribute #cocktribute
I have some extra for someone, hit me up.
I am promoting a series of upcoming tournaments if he interest is there if anyone would like to retweet for support I
when you realize the glow up skipped you and ur going to be ugly forever.
I've lit a candle for Gyorgy Farkas who died at Auschwitz in 1944 at just six years
Gawd dayum Patrick is dummy thicc
He wasn't even in the Brazil national squad last break and a 18 year old was playing ahead of him
You're my favorite parody account.
SMH yeah it be small shit too. White lies r still lies and u don't have to lie bc I fucks with u
Tired of school, but I got goals
Thrilled to announce LEGEND OF THE FIRE PRINCESS, an original graphic novel with NEW content including a BIG REVEAL!
SLOW &amp; STEADY , FAM !!!!!! $UCSO WILL GO GREEEEEEEEN EVERYDAY !!!!!! TARGET PRICE IS $.50+ WITHIN 45 DAYS !!!!!!!
Hi Mark, sorry for the struggle to reach us! Please DM us, we are more than happy to help.
it's 2035. you're a milf with a college degree, a hottie husband, a few precious kiddos staying at grandmas, and as
80 | We're into the final 10 minutes. Extra-Time will be required if the scores remain level at the full time whistle. #UpThePeacocks
This is the basic curriculum in every kindergarden course in the world. And then the Fascists take over. I would
being ugly is so heartbreaking you'll be having a good time then catch a glimpse of ya reflection and it kills ur whole mood
some people just watch endgame because they wanna join the "hype" you will not understand or enjoy the movie if you skipped
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
There's no place to hide for the elite... the fire they refused to put out is going to burn down their roofs
Disgraceful behaviour. Jeremy Hunt admitting austerity was a political choice which has led to: - 14m people living
Same tbh
Did y'all hear dead on arrival the Texas Senators said No to making marijuana legal even though the people are
Do yall ever read a message from someone &amp; think "see this is why I don't like fucking talking to you" bc same
The UNC Charlotte community is uniting to deal with another horrific instance of gun violence in this country. We must
It seems everybody else says it's still the same.....RTN on DISH has a bunch more HD feeds lately.
POV: u walk into class and the same group of musical theatre kids are at it again
Mood (@ElGonzok )
BREAKING: Elizabeth Warren Has just called on William Barr to resign and for Congress to begin impeachment proceedings
mood
fun fact, the same VA who did several lines in Oblivion did the majority of the audio
In this month of May, by the powers that raised Lazarus from the dead, there shall be showers of testimonies for us in
jimin just flexed his hot boyfriend, expensive car, and award show attendance in the Same Tweet.
The relationships we have offer potential for production - and destruction. Protect your time from people that don't
Whatever has been destroyed, derailed or dead in your life is coming alive by the Resurrection Power of Jesus. God is
RT if you are loving AG Barr teach basic law to political Democrats who hate Trump more than they love America
things I really liked abt the trailer: - Robotnik is tryna capture Sonic - "The doctor thinks you're basic." - they
[dipping my feather quill into the inkwell and adjusting my spectacles] dearest diary, it seems the day is different but
PK... I have respect for how he defended LVP... She swore on her kids lives.. She never accused Dorit about the dog.
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
BREAKING: At golf course in Westchester, NY, undocumented workers say Trump Org. managers exploited
Remember that the North Koreans are bad and the British Breeders aren't because one has pushed terror on people
The entire screentime of Marvel Cinematic Universe is 3000 minutes. I love you, 3000.
Campbell &amp; surrounding area friends: I've got an extra ticket to see endgame in Fayetteville this evening at
rt,dm #imgexoonly
Anxiety and panic are on the top right corner of the Change Triangle. Before we look for the core emotions that
First quit duckin my verses n dm g
They do the same thing in the brain essentially.
Wow Pete's staff needs help. This is his communication director???? #Yikes
Have you ever read A Visit From The Goon Squad by Jennifer Egan? One of the chapters is written as a
savage x fenty has been out for a year now and i have yet to take em off my wcw :/
SEOKJIN SAID I LOVE YOU 3000 N HOSEOK STARTED SNAPPING HOS FINGERS WHERE MY MARVEL ARMY STANS AT
This sat as part of the #stirchleyhighstreet photo project we have a free street photography workshop
Alright.. Not the same as having you at home but better than nothing I guess.. Thankfully
This girl got upset because my professor showed us a deaf porno smh
Remember when Hoseok walked in on Jimin changing and said "sorry bae"
I promise you somebody took that same situation you're in rn and bodied it. Find a solution
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
maybe when it seems that the winner of the social artist award seems to be the same artist consecutively, they announce
Suga Focus Bet Yoongi has always been fluent in English. He just didn't know himself. Chill, smiley, swag, shy,
Actor James Woods held prisoner in 'Twitter jail' - WND there's no way in hell this guy should be silenced! #freespeech in
Cranky twt My darling wife booked 2pm flight CBR to MEL on today To see kids &amp; family 1st time on Tiger Txt
McManaman: "The fans here are so protective of Messi. You're not allowed to foul him. To kick him" No, you're are not,
Bruh i couldn't read any of the little letters .
Have you really, think I may put them first then!
serious inquiry — if i send you a pic of my titties, can you make a pot? this a talking piece &amp; i need it in my home.
Wait...isn't your brother and your husband the same person!
Translation: is standing w/ Donald Trump, Mike Pompeo, John Bolton, and Elliot Abrams as they attempt a regime
I light a #YellowCandle also to remember Gyorgy Farkas, aged nine, who perished in
Not even context helps tbh
Bet that shrimp hittin lol
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
Had to say it acunta, Larry needs to be dug up and fed to rats. Sexually
I've just watched episode S01E12 of Fam! #fam #tvtime
Sale is up! These wonderful lads can be yours for 3 euros each or 5 a pair! If you'll order them both you'll get the
also lil bbmas spoiler (not really) but y'all remember bts stages in america? like no decor and absolutely no flavor, it was
Dt's ship is sinking faster than the titanic!!
mood
"Wear something casual, nothing too extra" me:
So now Bill Barr too? Smh. Everybody who works with Trump eventually lies. And lies. And lies.
please don't ship me with any of my friends please. thanks.
Cornyn: Can POTUS fire anyone in the executive? B: Yes. (Talking about Comey firing) He is thanking Barr for restoring
I lit these candles tonight in memory of Sarah Wirtheimer who died at Bochnia aged 3, and Monique Cical who perished at
It's Robbie Reyes, played by the same actor from Agents of Shield.
Meet real-life laboratory hero &amp; CDC Laboratory Leadership Service alumnus, Zach Weiner. He knows quality improvement
what's the point of melisandre saying jon and daenerys were ice and fire the prince that was promised etc????? she said
Bruh i wasnt a music person at ALL
When talking about UNCC student Riley Howell's last living moments, his aunt tells CNN she wasn't surprised he "ran directly
Those who throw "white supremacy" into the same sentence as "Gospel" without any evidence for it
Miss all my lil Houston peeps
You triggered?
I know it's problematic af but I still have a soft spot for Last Samurai.
The entire screentime of Marvel Cinematic Universe is 3000 minutes. I love you, 3000.
You say this same shit every time he tweets more than 5 times.
MOOD
Look, the chance of this *simultaneously released* story, based on the *exact same leak*, NOT being coordinated by
AND I MET OTHER KINGS AND THEY DID SAME THING..POOF GONE ITS THEY EVER DO POOF WHAT DO I OWE YOU ISALM
Thanks for this. Couple more Q's: Is the website the same dashboard as that on the Apple store or
Was in fact the second game Fergie got one over Gazza as did same in an U21 game at Dollyville.
The issue with approaches like this is that rather than ~challenging stereotypes~, you actually reproduce the same
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
Jordan 7 Retro Marvin the Martian SIZE 12 $ 65 Supply &amp; Demand 1943 1st Ave SW Hickory NC, 28602
Lindsey Graham, who once called Trump a "jackass" and a "kook" who would get absolutely pummeled in the general election,
i want to out who it is but i know that it's better if i stay silent, but if any of you are kind enough to think
Klobuchar asks, "Are the president's actions detailed in this report consistent with his oath of office?" Bill
Jongup is a big fat mood
GO TOMORROW MORNING REEE
[A346] Some CBX fun to lighten up the voting mood!! &lt;3 RTx3460! #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
bnha au where everything's the same but bakugou says "rolling thunder" instead of "die"
These people with easy past are Damn af
Olives are elite I'm tired of you basic people cussing olives
Please sign and share if you are against this extra Taxation against the majority of us all going about everyday
I don't like being without my large paperback ephemeris. Felt that way since I got my first one in
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
Since late last year, we've been writing about the widespread, long-term use of undocumented labor at
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
This is a freakshow. Whatever these people are, they're not patriots. It's disgusting.
and tony saying I love you 3000?
Mood
Where are these adults facing "assault" and "death threats?" (Since suicide is self-inflicted, I
Animated Facecam Overlay Tutorial: DM if you're interesterd in purchasing any designs.
I dunno what i wanna do tbh i guess i gotta start somewhere even stacking shelfs in the local co op I suppose
remember when seungkwan saw a fire, put out the fire, sat on a bench, broke the bench, fixed it and then proceeded to
mood
The fascistic behavior of Venezuelan coup activists outside the DC embassy reminds me distinctly of interactions I've
As Elie Wiesel so eloquently said "To forget the dead would be akin to killing them a second time." On Holocaust
johnny suh johnny talented johnny nctnightnight johnny cute johnny piano johnny chicago johnny dj johnny photography
discrediting/silencing victims/whistleblowers simply requires a specious "mental illness'. From there one need only roll
mood
Genuinely seeing the same people who argue "sex is observed at birth and is immutable" now claim that Caster Semenya
I would love to see a discussion fo why the American media gave 1000x more coverage to an Ebola outbreak in Africa in
Maybe she's fucking going to get a free mammogram or Pap smear because she doesn't have health insurance? Maybe she's
Try as ya may bruh, ya can't stop destiny which is what the Championship is for ya boi. Ain't
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
What is she on? Does she not recall all the anti Jewish attacks even her own party called her on? B*tch please... I
are all three of the jonas brothers going to be sitting on the same chair
Which feels meaner? Rattling the bars of Simon Bridges' cage (even Barry Soper described him as ‘a dead man
Most u girls think ur sooooooooooo funny looool fam 95% of the guys only laugh cuz there tryna secure the beat and the
SELLING: Methods (pinned) £5 for all or £1 each pp only. Working FA method
But I can assure you Jesus (AS) never knew anything or sang any of those songs
Mmm you have a rounder chin, bigger nose, smaller eyes and thicker eyebrows tbh
bruh i was definitely the second pic all da way
What's promising about bts career is the continuous progress, that's why they always 10 steps ahead of others
not how the rapline can roast my chicken
Mood #IfICantHaveYou
Why the heck does this tree dude look like he just woke up and got a growth spurt due to puberty. via
I'm no fan of Barr or his behavior with respect to Mlr Rept, but I disagree here.
lf I wake up from getting my mf wisdom teeth removed and my dentist doin this smh
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
Financial lane and stuff like that.
I know damn well if a random guy who wasn't famous pulled up to a date with fake nails y'all girls would be like wtf.
Stagecoach people are not the same
So much same. Much love x
I literally TAPPED a car this morning in the school drop off line. Going approximately 5mph, &amp; no harm to her
10x05: I Bet It Stung
have sex with, argue with, sleep with, eat with, shower with, prosper with, become successful with. yes, with no
Danang Dick &amp; Nathan Phillips Stolen Valor... Opposite sides of the same wooden nickel!
Researchers discover absence #epilepsy can be triggered by impaired communication between the cortex and the striatum
me bc all of my selfies literally look the same, a bitch doesn't know how to pose
Charlotte, NC Baltimore, MD West Chester Township, OH Birmingham, AL Nashville, TN Jackson Jackson, MI Poway, CA
What a hypocrite: While Trump demonizes immigrants, his New York country club exploits undocumented workers and steals
my parents think ap tests and the sat are the same thing, hahaha
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
summarizes the challenge (&amp; opportunity) facing advisors: hard to differentiate, we are competing
okay girl i see u i see u i see u want me dead
Ladies, do whatever it takes to keep yourself safe because the same people who complain that you're overreacting now
If he's so sure the programme is worth funding with public taxes, why doesn't he just sell
They gave it their all this season, I couldn't be more proud of them! Hopefully they can keep the
I dead be like
If you are concerned about rising water levels affecting your property, please prepare as you did during the 2017
What a hypocrite: While Trump demonizes immigrants, his New York country club exploits undocumented workers and steals
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
Same. If they come here then I'd have no reason to go to ny but if they don't come here then I'd
at least my cause of death will be the same as penelope's
Wouldn't that entrench providers' real current compensation rates? Since they already saved the same
check ur dm I got you
dating me is like when you find out the song you've skipped for the past week is actually fire.
The typo here is that I didn't have enough extra "a's". It kinda sucks-a that it'sa hard-a to see
Really need to zero in on this more. Did he read all of report? Over how much time? Did he rely on extra-report
i suck at cuddling.. 3mins in and i be popping my ass out
All the peeps defending. Here. This is the audio
MASTERS SHITTER, 42 PEAK, OFF TANK (((DVA OTP))) DUTCH
The President just retweeted 50-some tweets by bots or accounts that have been recently created and almost
Same bish
Lol I love it
You'll be dead within 3-4 years who cares
bruh imagine coming across this baekhyun bday ad
If you want to become more employable, #MicrosoftOfficeMasterclass in Lagos is for you. Basic/Intermediate
Stinking ship? i am sure you meant, Stinking shit!
It was at a City Club of Chicago lunch today. Mike Kelly was talking about the new
Stop using our dead as human shields against your antisemitism and the antisemitic ideas you've fed,
Hi we used the goals that had been voted the winners of our goal of the month polls.
De same to you my brother
Any Canadian BG designers looking for immediate work on a cool prime time show please fire me a message. Also please
Fact. Scots universally gauge how good a country is by the price of a pint. "Just back from Poland" "Haven't been there,
See? Let me rather not try things. My fro has grown. Saw a girl with a dope fade and I had fomo. Be
when you realize the glow up skipped you and ur going to be ugly forever.
Well done Joe.
#BBMAsTopSocial BTS Tweeting that same fancam
What a hypocrite: While Trump demonizes immigrants, his New York country club exploits undocumented workers and steals
My prediction : Barcelona will score 2 goals #UCL #FCBLIV
U ever paying attention in class and still be completely lost bc same
Wet &amp; Wild With Blake Mitchell #33
One of the reasons Britain CAN NEVER escape the #NEMESIS of total erasure is their attempt to erase #Biafra. Wilson
I will never understand why any of these people who have carefully conducted careers in public life would hang
Super happy to get to finish this piece started about 3 years ago on juliendepreux_ . Little devil added today.
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
mood
Perfect representation of a CULT. Trump lies over 10Ks times &amp; is a really awful person. MAGA peeps are saying that God
Rashad took his last steps into a cell at Westchester County Jail. The nurses left him in what a correction
Hello Everyone, My name is Motunrayo Oluwaseyi "Mo'Collections". I sell •Sneakers •Wrist watches •Caps •Hoodies (To fit
Ikr my mom can do the same I'm so relieved
Las Vegas peeps! If you don't have plans tonight and wanna see my friend host the Billboard Music
Yes, of course the man who was a leader of an armed insurrection, and died by firing squad, would be most upset by
"Are you greedy?" Yes "Do you want to make 40k? Yes "Now give me 5k and go and tell 8 people the same thing"
WTF = Wallahi too funny AF = AstaghfirAllah LMAO = Laughing my abaya off LIT = Let's iftar together
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
check your dm
Man robs Dairy Queen. Unsuccessfully attempts to carjack woman in drive thru. Returns the same day and robs
Exactly! Sitting around sipping bottled nutrient fluid together doesn't exactly have
Yikes
Many youth today don't know they have a soul so they can't protect it..there's no grounding or truth in
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
yas, coming
WH Pess Sec. Sarah Sanders: "AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for
|| Would that wink and these hips lie bruh-
No not for this specifically? Now I have had to find a bc pill that works for me. Not all BC are the
Hot AF 4
This gorgeous Aoba figure is available from J-List at "He comes with a cool base plus an extra
[dipping my feather quill into the inkwell and adjusting my spectacles] dearest diary, it seems the day is different but
both valid smh
I JUST WATCHED IT INSIDE IM NOT OKAY BUT ON THE OUTSIDE IM NOT CRYING BECUSE I DONT CRY WATCHING MOVIES HOWEVER
michelle finna do her shit.
We spontaneously went to Paris after being together a month, you took me to Coachella for my 21st, we did Barcelona for
these are dope
I promise you somebody took that same situation you're in rn and bodied it. Find a solution
mood
I'm dead chuffed Sandi Toksvig is personally supporting my bid to get elected onto the Tunbridge Wells Borough Council.
I was just thinking about the the other day tbh omg
Was the fire of Notre Dame planned and made by the illuminati? knowing that this fire was depicted in the Simpsons
I would like to see Purge Weekend in the forest. A 72 hour period where there can be a regulared
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
"If a woman conceals her affection with the same skill from the object of it, she may loose the opportunity of
This was accurate AF tbh
still smh bout that time all the kids didn't know who missy elliott was
She taking one for the team the barbs got her skskkkjjsk
HOLY CANNOLI WET N WILD BITCH
hey! if you need a logo ? dm me your details
I've had such a unique day today! I went from judging 13-15 year olds on their start-up ideas to debating with
Sometimes we might be late to the party, but we are in it exactly where we have to be same what Prabhas replicated
No he did not, he covered HW's involvement in Iran-Contra. Cover ups are what he does.
Fucking Ghetto ass school smh
bnha au where everything's the same but bakugou says "rolling thunder" instead of "die"
mood
"You're funny af" "You're super nice wow"
This is why y'all niggas be having toe jam and dirt under y'all nails huh?
Jeffco Bomb squad has determined suspicious box at Lutheran is empty. WRPD will continue to investigate further. Pkwy
William Barr is exactly the kind of Republican that Democrats say they respect. Yet when he doesn't do exactly what
It's a family affair. Photographer is taking pictures of the girls and while
But today there's extra more
People really out here achieving their life goals #Salute
'Red Dead Online' Weekly Update 5/1: Xbox Gets Open Target Races Author: Drew Meadows Click to here to read
Movie snacks aren't affordable. And if you paying $4 for a dollar store candy, you dumb af
I'm about 20 pictures off 2300. If you are a woman and you support trans rights, please reply with your picture tagging
This is no joke folks....the Muslim influence (Islam) in the Western world has to be stopped Dead in its tracks
#BTC #SHIFT Its been a decade since Bitcoin came into existence and it's almost the same time frame that crypto
"Praise be to the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ! In his great mercy he has given us new birth into a
Devon is bae!!!!
me when I check my grades at the end of the semester
girl same i wanna take a nap but i cant shsjshsj
Wizkid said "See that sexy girl from Ghana" and an extra country was created &amp; named accordingly. A legend
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
Bruh
Kamala Harris rapid fire line of questioning obliterated the last shred of Barr's credibility This is why everyone is
Yall want me at school on time or y'all want me there everyday? Cant get both smh
Just flat out said no. The gall of this administration. #MuellerMustTestify
Also, so weird that &amp; Democrats now seem so concerned about Rod Rosenstein overseeing the Mueller Probe when
I think it's only surprising bc there was so
s7 feels so useless now like the wight hunt to prove cersei that the AoTD was real led to nothing. the dead never
So I went on a learn to program adventure last night and plotted a sounding from Del Rio TX,
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
Show is coming full circle I love it
If u tryna be like this hmu
Only declass is going to shut the looney tunes on the left up! Til then they're gonna pull this same crap when
Same with the hot Cheetos bag lol
Thats fine bruh
I believe the only way a candidate can inspire voters to choose them is by laying out a bold, unapologetically
Korean day spa &amp; chill
what is wrong with you? We know that the tribunal has declared your uncle as winner. Pls chill till the
Suspended for being rude to a racist traitor who's been dead for 150 years

We're not all cut from the same cloth: TAILORing treatments for children with chronic conditions.
Unbelievable. #Barr is saying that the fact that President Trump didn't like the investigation was a legitimate ground
the same mfs that be hating are the same ones in yo DMs LMFAOOO
Well excuse us Moneybag Yo, but who in the hell finna willingly &amp; proudly pay $14 for a pack of skittles &amp; a small
I gotta step my dm game up.
yall mind if i chill on my phone on the clock where none of the security cameras can see me
mood
All this garbage about Trump ordering White House Attorney Donald Francis McGahn II to fire Bob Mueller is so much
And that "back from the dead" joint with big shorty lmfaooo
Goodbye for now Veronica Vale. You were always your finest at your most vulnerable. For it is in the glamour-less lows
It is laughable yet infuriating that Barr testified that he did not look at the underlying evidence in the most
i always hurt my own feelings by expecting the same energy i give
You can't change the past but you can't ignore it either unless you want to repeat the same mistakes and relive the same
Exactly ! Smh
same
Tonight tens of thousands of people around the UK will light a #YellowCandle to commemorate a single victim of the
Too many lit people I've met on social media with steady friendships I can't wait to meet irl.
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
Hello, we empathize, kindly provide the affected mobile number, last recharge amount, swap history

same too.
Bet money he got her story muted.
#Ramdom I remember this dude I used to know had me come over one night. We smoked, then he dug me and his girl
The fact that no one is talking about Josh Brolin but everyone is praising Thanos is a testament to how great he is. Yeah
same
Petition to get Mackenzie Ziegler kicked off of ‘s FOMO tour because she's fucking racist (:
my 25th birthday next month... yikes
Shows our squad depth when we start gini up front.
Sitting in a taxi with an older driver telling me he bought his house at 27 and us young people could do the same
Dead ass finna box my dad after school 20 rt and I'll record it
they need to stop giving u money bruh...
Deon Hotto 33 Games 6 Goals 14 Assists Directly involved in 20 goals for Bidvest Wits
Teachers don't have basic resources they need while billionaires get massive tax breaks. That's a disgrace.
Teautiful
Draymond had LeBron eyes looking like that too. Nigga dead ass be digging in his butt before games
These folks hoop for MLGW
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
tyler when he soundchecked tear in my heart and smithereens on the same day
you should have the mystery coupons like did this past Saturday. I bet Lowe's gained a lot of fans with this promotion.
AP esports is currently looking for -content creators -comp/pro players -gfx/editors/designers For fortnite DM for
I pet Belle. She is a 7 year old Sheltie. She likes to be the boss of the house. She herds around the other animals in
My ex did the same shit and now I'm marrying a man who REFUSES to argue with me and hates when I'm upset with him. The
She is stupid. Can't even talk. Flatness is a symptom of schizophrenia. Don't know if that is what she
this scene makes me so sad but proud at the same time, i don't know how to explain it- it's magnus, you can't see him
SAME! I love them SO much! #Malec #SaveShadowhunters
Do you need to unblock people to stalk them? I'm pretty sure you still can see their posts, just
This is really bizarre! A Facebook friend of mine made post, saying exactly the same as you, just
mood
ASA didn't sing "Jailer, bibanke, fire on the mountain" to be compared with someone that sang "let me see you do the koffi
Did you know that molten metal was seen pouring out of the South Tower for seven minutes prior to its catastrophic
Accessibility is not about addressing "additional," "extra" or "special" needs of disabled people. Accessibility is
Cry as hard as you want to. But always make sure: when you stop crying, you'll never cry for the same reason again.
same pose, different energy
PSA: You be dramatic af but i still love you.
and that's why i'm now selfish asf and don't give af
Me when all the dothraki just decided to charge at the dead. #GameOfThrones
honestly, same with Rakitic in the first half, they wanna pass it into the net ffs
EXACTLY. You yee yee mfs wanna talk about it's disgusting and pathetic but fuckin your sister and first cousin
i was a french tutor but he messaged me, on the same day that the ME! came out, that he didn't
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
Shizhan looking good in his sunglasses and bidding byebye to guangzhou before leaving. Tbh all i can focus on tho is that
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
Save them extra checks!!
Teachers don't have basic resources they need while billionaires get massive tax breaks. That's a disgrace.
Thank you to our community partners, in grades K-6. Class presentations were a few weeks ago &amp; today,
Best-selling books of 2018: Michelle Obama's "Becoming" -- 3.4 million "Magnolia Table" -- 1.3 million "Girl, Wash Your
Ready to upgrade? Impeccable 4 BD/ 3 BA in Boca Raton has it all. Call/text/DM me!
Shoulders r fire. Wish they got stripes tho
Unavailable, to what's draining. Unavailable, to what's not for me. Unavailable, to what's toxic. Unavailable, to
Real talk
is streaming dope
I know damn well if a random guy who wasn't famous pulled up to a date with fake nails y'all girls would be like wtf.
these niggas talm bout da police on they way all i asked was if the lady making my sandwich at subway could squirt some
? year old basel Webcam Mom teens Naked Best Redhead I babes saskatchewan Years old mate Wet Nearby nude New
Venezuela used to be the jewel of Latin America. Then what happened? The government took over and everything failed.
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
We lit
Bet it has shit quality now.
"Wear something casual, nothing too extra" me:
Hi Shawn! We'd love to have you as a Client. Please DM us with more info about your mortgage needs.
If/When he shows up, and if he can take the time out from The Walking Dead, I hope they get Norman Reedus to play
me n all my friends do makeup so it's funny cause we let everybody pop they shut. then when we get to popping
You're an embarrassment to MO, America and basic human decency. #Resign
same one who told him that wearing assless chaps at coachella would be cute
la fonda has big pitchers of sangria and margaritas not sure of the price but its really dope, and also across
Studies show that margaritas, chips and queso can improve one's mood
On Yom HaShoah we remember the six million Jews killed in the Holocaust. I've lit a candle for Gyorgy Farkas who died
Same
forgot y'all live in the US smh shitty ass cheese
NIce try, troll. Except for the fact Barr was a smug, arrogant ass. Who WILL be nailed for his obstruction and lies,
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
There is no difference between "hit" and "spank" if a parent acts out in
Don't mess!!!!!
honey i'm on fire - summertime sadness, lana del rey
Wtf fam Turn that shit off RT I just bought; StoneDeng Men's Couple Gift Po'cket Pu'ss'eysr:... via
15 days left, can't wait to hear this! You already know Nipsey about to drop so many fire gems on this verse!!
RT if you are loving AG Barr teach basic law to political Democrats who hate Trump more than they love America
All you niggas evil
Cruise ship quarantined over confirmed measles case; ship is not allowed to leave port; nearly 300 passengers and crew can't
yeah same
And the cost of an unliveable planet is ? #ClimateActionNow #ClimateCrisis via
this new layout is so bad that I can't even get notifications on my phone anymore. I don't get the
a mood
The hearing ends on a fitting note -- with Barr stonewalling 's effort to conduct basic oversight of his job
your Tweet was quoted in an article by
I'm not Canadian so I can't sign. Doug Ford, well that's a name that we even
All of high school was easy. Niggas just wanted to go hard to end up at the same college as everyone else
He should've finished that smh , gotta be stingy at times
The statement "If people *want* to be transgender, then..." is the single biggest reason we need LGBTQ+ education. I
Wow the young man in this video is so chill bless him
We really all lived the same childhood in different houses
Serverless is server less in the same way a beef burger is vegetarian because you didn't personally see the cow being
Same
The dm's I send myself are full of filth lmao darkness.
Same guys that paid of Kavanaugh's debts.
Earlier on I was named as a rapist to an anonymous victim. I personally take rape as a very serious social evil that
Donald wants everybody investigated I bet you he has a hit list - an enemies list. Is that sound
How the hell can you write a summary of something you never read? I did the same thing in high school and got an F-.
You have to see this home! 3 BD/ 1 BA in Fond Du Lac. Call/text/DM me for details.
After the video where on FaceTime New trap house GC is lit
my whole mood change when I break a nail.
If you're a fan of things like the 8-hour day, and a basic sense of human dignity at the workplace - Happy May Day!
#nowplaying Guilty All The Same by Linkin Park Listen here -
NY A.G. investigating allegations that — while was attacking illegal immigrants — he was exploiting his
How many Americans are dead because of you? MANY?
N O B O D Y.
"don't wanna see you go but I'd do the same as you"
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only

Shortly thereafter kairi asked sora if it would be chill to ditch riku on the islands
It was a great clown show.
JIN JUST SAID.... I LOVE YOU 3000 TO US... MARVELARMYS....
I love Lizzo's music &amp; her message, and I'm so happy to see her success in the music industry &amp; beyond. But I hope
grabs u pawb u fucking bet
After watching the vid again as a Chinese, I suppose they wanna Plan to say: Meannie, Phi loves you. So it turns out to
I'm an employer and fire an employee who slandered me and made false accusations/filed a
percy pigs: we removed the gelatine so everyone can eat them :) they taste the same don't worry gelatine is flavourless
no one wants me i'm just better off dead
can we discuss how they're fighting with TWO HALVES OF NED STARKS SWORD TO DEFEND FUCKING WINTERFELL I'M DEAD
I promise you somebody took that same situation you're in rn and bodied it. Find a solution
MO Bacter 20 Kg Organic Lawn Fertiliser Mobacter Free Ship £36.99
Furry and the UK are at war. Their trangressions on our sovereignty will not be allowed. We mobilize tomorrow at
For the same reason you're not dead. It's not my time.
Barr: they didn't do any of this - apparently Trump Jr. was interested in seeing what Russian woman had. This is hard to
it's 2035. you're a milf with a college degree, a hottie husband, a few precious kiddos staying at grandmas, and as
same
bet you can't guess what i'm singing
Thank you. Every Democrat should all be stating the same right now.
It's possible to like, admire and feel sympathy for Caster Semenya, Francine Niyonsaba and all other DSD athletes
The Dead Simple 3 Step Blueprint Used By ALL Tour Players To Groove A Perfect Swing
The GOPs excuse is that Trump didn't obstruct because nobody did what he wanted. Yet it's completely untrue as we
I know damn well if a random guy who wasn't famous pulled up to a date with fake nails y'all girls would be like wtf.
Barca have Messi om form, thats the difference
Thanks for reaching out, Jessica. Please DM us your confirmation number and the correct spelling
so i heard we're talking ship dynamics???
Me too smh they don't even know what matches my color palette
The amount of homers we give up. Yikes
Wimbledon's football club is afc wimbledon. That's all that matters. We are the same fans that
How can this happen in the heart of Europe? How can you allow this mr. Spanish democracy is not just
Thank you. Every Democrat should all be stating the same right now.
We must have the same level of accountability and justice in all officer-involved killings. My statement on last night's
BREAKING: Elizabeth Warren Has just called on William Barr to resign and for Congress to begin impeachment proceedings
If u tryna be like this hmu
I am an available graduate with a B.A. in Mass Communications concentrating in PR. I'd love to provide you all with
Tbh I was at an all inclusive resort w/ approx 100 friends for a wedding in Mexico and then in MN
I had to put my high schooler to bed tonight as she cried about not feeling safe at school. "I just feel like I'm not
Kindly refer to DM for resolution. ~JC
I like Mortisha and everything buuuut...nah boo u and Oprah aren't even on the same stratosphere. To put it in
new album infinite youth is fucking dope af !!!!!!!
New pics from #GameofThrones S8 E4 shows the North burning the dead and getting ready for war with #Cersei
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
Churchill Race #8 6-2-10-8 Another BEST BET RACE Top Choice Winner! #6 Amazing Audrey had 2 wins and 3
dos vaters juntos mi tipo de relationship goals
Don't compare your life to other people. Run your race. God's purpose for your life is not the same as theirs. Don't look
if she drives like this the pussy fire. You've been warned
The movie would've been six hours long with everything people want explained in detail on screen.
Only reason for that is because it was released in between
Jeffco Bomb squad has determined suspicious box at Lutheran is empty. WRPD will continue to investigate further. Pkwy
The #USAInc-led warmongers should be remined of this scene in #Nicaragua when the
Aren't they one in the same??
#NowPlaying No Place by Backstreet Boys On Atlantic Extra
i always hurt my own feelings by expecting the same energy i give
I feel like being blonde for couple months tbh
How in the World Do these #Dirty Republican Politicians keep Preaching to their #WhiteNationalist Sect Obama
Oof caps
Laura would put a positive spin even if Mayhem set fire to an orphanage on Xmas eve
i would mention that but it never ends so who am i really complaining to lmfaoooo but u right u right
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
Same.
They are so extra I stg
The pits literally
KICKING OFF A LITTLE LATE! We've managed to wake Lord Kikku up and now we're going to ship him off to #SKYRIM to see
all the old men in my dm requests always asking "can i be ur sugar daddy" it's never just "here's my credit card info" smh
MEGAN'S SCHOOL TRIP is the 3rd in the Megan Series of 23 books on the life of Megan, a #psychic #Celtic teen from
I'm finna lite it again lol
Thats adulting in a distressing sense btw. Haha
I mean it's not quite the same
Yikes
Bruh I walked in the house one day to see my dog lounging looking out the window.
The brand new video for latest jam "Same" is out now! Watch it here:
Vidal can be useful and useless at the same time
hey, that's me!
Bro it barely had ur face u posted a picture in the chat of my face relax u dead stopped talking
pesci has the same energy as this fella from mario party 8 and i quite like that
Mood.
Bangchan oppa? If im wrong u dont wanna appear on my dm? :(
Someone DM asking if this meant I had opened slots. I DONT HAVE ANY SLOTS OPEN FOR SELLING. This form is only
The most important part is that we discuss it and get on the same page before acting.
"Yeah he hit a woman, but he didn't mean to hurt her. So all's cool, brocephus. They weren't punches with bad
The week's Around the Rim squad made sure to keep it 100% free of End Game and Game of Thrones spoilers:
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
I know damn well if a random guy who wasn't famous pulled up to a date with fake nails y'all girls would be like wtf.
What a hypocrite: While Trump demonizes immigrants, his New York country club exploits undocumented workers and steals
Do you want to know how dead the Mueller report is , and the Russian collusion narrative is? The unredacted version
spits too much heat and he's so underrated for how he can sneak things into songs with his wordplay and his
$TCEL ANOTHER PnD and notorious pumper on it...smh dont get bagged up this is
On May 3, police opened fire on strikers outside the McCormick Reaper Works, killing six. The next day, during a peaceful
has anyone elses mental health just been all the way down here because same
Huge victory for Pak Diplomacy at the UN...as superpowers recognise #Kashmirstruggle —paradigm shift in their stance
&lt;3 for a tbh
White middle-class Oxford-educated babyboomer out-of-touch career-politician taxpayer-funded
YALL I ACTUALLY CANT WAIT FOR THE BTS EPISODE FROM BBMAS THIS YEAR TO SEE THEIR SAVAGE SELVES TALKING WITHOUT THE PPL
My friend has the same problem
When life throws you a curve ball... by Mountainsandvalleys/Imgur
endgame quotes!!! "whatever it takes" "i like this one" "america's ass" "i keep telling everybody they should move on,
When ur fam doesn't approve of ur outfit
Agreed and not alot of community converse tbh !
FUCKING LILY
Best-selling books of 2018: Michelle Obama's "Becoming" -- 3.4 million "Magnolia Table" -- 1.3 million "Girl, Wash Your
when u have a sassy mouth but hella sensitive at the same time (aka me)
SPOILER!! . . isn't it ironic how 2012 loki just took the tesseract and literally went off while iw loki could've done the
Football no be this kiddy play ooo . Ayoo . We go score you 2 clinical goals then you still dey clap for through passes
Lol I love it
I hate being hungry and broke bruh
THIS IS IT. THIS IS HIM. THE BEST BOY IN THE WHOLE WORLD
Yall want me at school on time or y'all want me there everyday? Cant get both smh
Today brought to you by lots of coffee and grateful dead
To keep the good karma goin... Get my personal SportsBetting picks today 100% FREE! Never bet before? Check out the where
OOOOOOHHHHHH SNAP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I am dead.
Mood
Homies: Cuz, the car outside. Let's dip. Me: Bet. Lemme get gelled up before we head out.
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
Everyone knows I hate the Raiders but tbh they got rid of 2 good players to be better across the board. Did the
always comin' with that fire!
Does that mean it will be in the same location or just that they will build a new one elsewhere ?
Thembinkosi Lorch 29 Games 10 goals 4 Assists Directly involved in 14 goals for Orlando Pirates
mood
8 years ago, I was in my TOC in Afghanistan, suddenly the TV blasted URGENT NEWS: Bin Laden dead. I remember
Not having goals reduces resilience and having goals increases resilience. Without goals you are a like a rudderless
learned how to appreciate some people from a distance. some things will never be the same &amp; i'm content with that. we learn
Jos people How are you spending your holidays?? Indoors? Hanging out? Not sure? is Ready to serve you
New pics from #GameofThrones S8 E4 shows the North burning the dead and getting ready for war with #Cersei
I literally TAPPED a car this morning in the school drop off line. Going approximately 5mph, &amp; no harm to her
Klobuchar asks, "Are the president's actions detailed in this report consistent with his oath of office?" Bill
only thing i believe is karma tbh
Shoutout to and at the beginning of the Extra live stream, much
Y'all dead ass be old asf going dumb for trash ass little boys I cannot
The issue with approaches like this is that rather than ~challenging stereotypes~, you actually reproduce the same
Congrats!!! Dm us to collect your prize!
Same
Oh yeah I finished Death Parade earlier today (I only started yesterday but it's pretty short) It's nice The OP
Do yall ever read a message from someone &amp; think "see this is why I don't like fucking talking to you" bc same
where do i get this dress i need her
Do yall ever read a message from someone &amp; think "see this is why I don't like fucking talking to you" bc same
While I don't share the same feeling you have on the subject, I agree
there was no one at the reception desk for clc and i didnt know where the elevator was so i said yeet and cried bc i was annoyed
Can you believe hoseok knew Canada's capital was Ottawa but I only learned that in maybe grade 5 and STILL stutter when
Was out walking the Terrorist Foster Dog. Did Lindsey mention that he said much the same things as Strzok and Page were
Coleslaw low key slaps
nobody: literally nobody: my pussy: wet
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
we should try and pick up suh... that will give are team a better Identity.. suh, snacks,flower,hand,
McManaman: "The fans here are so protective of Messi. You're not allowed to foul him. To kick him" No, you're are not,
Wait. I thought we were all gonna be dead in 12 years anyway, so....
Bruh. What. The. Fuck.
Avengers was Lit like ....
Same for the person interviewing them.
The fact that damn near every person in the replies laughing is a non-black woman......
Just got a new home? Learn which basic tools you should have in your #DIY toolkit.
Ken Carter instead and you got yourself a squad right there
I ask these same women what's wrong with a dude wanting a chick that his boys ain't smashed? You don't have
with respect they're not homeless campaigners, they're members of the Connolly
That dude osama bin laden dead! Smh finally got em!
Is this the same desk aspect has?
If it was only this once, it would pass but every year it's the same popularity award nomination, over and over again.
Library Squad Librarian Teacher Day Gift Ideas Library T-Shirts BUY NOW=&gt; #teachersday2019
HES SO CUTE IM-
The last time I saw my favorite band live (@AFI) was the same day gave birth to Flynn. Me and my
Tippi Hedren having her cigarette lit by a crow on the set of The Birds
Do yall ever read a message from someone &amp; think "see this is why I don't like fucking talking to you" bc same
Climate change is the same crap as global warming and the same is with illegal immigrants are actually illegal
"Wear something casual, nothing too extra" me:
mood
Everyone is busy revising, its almost like I should be doing the same?
I definitely think the Night King is done. Dead. Finito. If his *story* ended last episode tho that's gonna be a huge
Strangled by the world we live in that's some bruh moment deep shit
bet not humiliate myself, bye stank
Who finished their whole entire 44 page English folder after countless hours of intense work?? That's right,
3rd shawty on the right in the second pic, if u see dis hmu plzz
I'M DECEASED DEAD BURIED IN MY GRAVE THIS IS MY SPIRIT TYPING OUT THIS TWEET SOMEONE SEND MONEY TO MY MOTHER FOR
mood
This got me laughing hard
This is a scare marketing piece for Slashnext, pure and simple. The title is even
are all three of the jonas brothers going to be sitting on the same chair
some days twitter is filled with funny af content and other days my whole timeline is filled with "retweet and you'll
Avocado letting you know she's going to cost extra
one direction really went from living in the same apartment complex to being the type of friends who only text each
Why No Public Outrage? Why Media Silent? Why Gadchiroli not important for a day even but Pulwama is for months? Because
mood
Totally need to take these guys to task for all the rubbish they do around modifications to trips
Honestly dont know tbh
Dude same I woke up this morning with an invite
i'm starting to believe y'all don't know what it means to be gay...
We're looking for reliable waitstaff/food runners for Stop in Monday-Thursday 2-5pm to apply or dm me
I bet there's a music video for this SHAWN SAID HE WAS WORKINF ON ONE
You Can't Get Mad When Someone Return The Same Energy You Putting Out.
The "Equal Rights Amendment" is a propaganda piece designed to confuse &amp; to cement legal abortion Women already have
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
that moment when you and your friend have the same horny brain , HELL yeah!!!
Definitely going to check that out, you're fucking stunning and a drop dead gorgeous goddess XD the
The first 2 are from the drive up here. The way the fog hid the mountain I thought was pretty cool. Then the last
betty covering up a murder was bad, but what the hell was she supposed to do? leaving her mom alone? "haha okay mom,
Reunite the big line. If they can't outplay the CBJ trio sent out to check them and score some goals
FINALLY AFTER 50 YEARS RYAN DESTINY IRONS HAS DROPPED THE MUSIC VIDEO FOR THE SAME SO GO FUCKING WATCH THAT THANG
RT if you are loving AG Barr teach basic law to political Democrats who hate Trump more than they love America
Avocado letting you know she's going to cost extra
I voted for #ToyStoryForever on is for everyone...chill
When I offer rep, I have to have a vision for that writer's career, not just the one book they're querying me. So it's
Does his doctor's office play non-stop, because ALL of mine do. You can just chill and
Tarja shares lyric video for her epic new single Dead Promises
goals
Kamala Harris rapid fire line of questioning obliterated the last shred of Barr's credibility This is why everyone is
Our goal is the same, I'll wait for you there.
How can I feel myself happy and unhappy at the same time?
is the only person with a lot persona on YT tbh
Aaron Ramsey may have played his final game for Arsenal. His final stats during 11 years at the club are: 369
Same, you too.
Avocado letting you know she's going to cost extra
Obviously Marcus is still alive but everyone else is dead, just not right anymore
Like bruh.. we work at warby parker fam. Cool it
I bet you this dude did not eat none of the food he served these kids.
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
MY X FILES IS DEAD. YO NO ACREDITO
On Yom HaShoah we remember the six million Jews killed in the Holocaust. I've lit a candle for Gyorgy Farkas who died
relationship goals
He might be dead good but Messi does a lot of walking in the game
LMFAOOOOOOSOSOOOOOOOOOOOLMSOOOOOOO
dm ur number and I'll text you
Fmr. CIA Director John Brennan: "I'm still waiting for those Republicans to realize that the ‘Trump ship' is a sinking one,
Heard from a good source working today; the fire chief is putting units out of service to come downtown so he can given
johnny suh johnny talented johnny nctnightnight johnny cute johnny piano johnny chicago johnny dj johnny
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
...in my defense I just woke up from a nap
Well number one this panel, when talking about the experiences of black women they don't
You can never win with this fanbase.. They want a manager that trusts youth and
Another white guy. Had he been a black guy, he would have been too dead to walk into police headquarters and smile for
I am likely to ignore messages that come in with just "Hi" or "sexy bb" or any kind of shit like that. If you would like
BRB GONNA GO CRY FOREVER
How many times do u think they shld ask the same f-ing question expecting a
Is it cool if we stop comparing fatphobia to antiblack racism because let me let u in on a lil secret that I
mood
Mood :
Bruh. What. The. Fuck.
#SelfieForSelfLove i may be ill but i looked CUTE
New pics from #GameofThrones S8 E4 shows the North burning the dead and getting ready for war with #Cersei
it's kind of hard for me to believe this is the same person. age activated melanin
Safety in numbers! #didyouknow that to protect their calves from predation, female giraffes which sometimes form herds or
I forgot how dope thor the dark world is
are all three of the jonas brothers going to be sitting on the same chair
EC issues notice to Rahul Gandhi for saying PM Modi enacted law allowing tribals to be shot dead | #May23WithTimesNow |
I want to make crystal clear for everyone watching this clip of Kamala Harris questioning Bill Barr that she just rocked
// Oof, when my pinned actually shows you being abusive towards others and yours just shows me calling you out for it. Ouch.
Unless you are married to a football coach; then you hear it all the time! (Even if the meaning
Fire this person she's not doing you any favors.
Same to you. You super moron
She can't even be regarded as the best ever woman let alone any comparison
"Phoenix Wright can't be in smash! He doesn't even have any moves?" Speak for yourself mother fucker this man killed god
The fact that the Democrats pushed hard for Barr to recuse shows that they want to use those investigations the same
Shots fired.
They a give af bout u when u die my nigga keep getting money
After the video where on FaceTime New trap house GC is lit
me bumping the same song I've listened to about 456 times already
From in the "I wrote about GamerGate in 2014. Everything I received for calling out McLean was
Best-selling books of 2018: Michelle Obama's "Becoming" -- 3.4 million "Magnolia Table" -- 1.3 million "Girl, Wash Your
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
Isn't your Husband and brother one and the same?
YOu want creepy questions dont you — no just ask normal people questions, u guys don't even know my favorite
the "marvel-doesn't-know-how-to-handle-strong-badass-women-so-they-fucked-up-my-character" squad
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
Idk what you said but tiddies fire
Fam Vidal why didn't you shoot loool
THE EXACT SAME ENERGY

my mum lit jasmine incense in the living room and it's really nice but reminds me of a time i would rather forget
Would you like some goals on the site? Only 2 hours left. RT TO VOTE #BBMAsAchievement Ariana Grande
Full disclosure, I chose exsanguination bc sometimes I think about it and I'm like "what if your veins made the
Remember when Hoseok walked in on Jimin changing and said "sorry bae"
that must be it smh
I hand made a bunch of boob pots - if you'd like one they are listed on my Etsy shop!! Link in bio. If you want a
big mood
Listen you woke up my imagination now you need to assume hbdsjsbsksnhs
Yo this gate guard boring af.
keep that same energy.
I'm a cis woman. A cis lesbian. The level of transphobia and homophobia that anti-trans bigots exhibit offends me on
Bruh nigga ong , i go far as to blocking her bc she like to nag. Like nah not today.
I think they're laughing at how he celebrated against you guys even though you defended him after he admitted to racism.
Bruh! Sims being a movie would be so fucking terrible...I'm not even joking
I'm dead serious
Draymond had LeBron eyes looking like that too. Nigga dead ass be digging in his butt before games
dm me?
these ppl rlly love playing themselves smh
ima be loud af too. oh well
SPUR Magazine issue #10 cover featuring "Rohan Kishibe Goes to Gucci", 2011.
Well you paid out my bet then took it back and paid out again with £10 less?
Tent Camping Overnighter - Exploring New Territory/ Camp Fire NY Strip S... via
An interesting top comment on one of the articles about Sana's controversy.. "After seeing Chinese fans force Tzuyu to
"... the dead skin is WAY worse than the cat hair!" is one of those arguments I try my damndest not to walk into the
Tippi Hedren having her cigarette lit by a crow on the set of The Birds
You bet! The public and politicians worked hard to create a medical system that takes care of all
I got pics n vids of getting scammed, $600 to the waist smh
I hate when you have an opportunity for a really good roast but u don't know the person well enough for it not to be mean :-/
i think it carries the same principle as zhang (pronounced jaang w/ a slight z inflection) bc most
listen. she could on tour doing that same show tomorrowand i'd pay $350 for almost front row
When she drops "my bae" on your IG pics :
I need like 20 more likes! Hook it up fam!! It will take 2 seconds!! Thank you :)
GNNFNDN we have the same 1 braincell
Nobody should have to pick between feeding their family and being able to afford basic hygiene products. Coming Soon
NEW SONG FROM BASTILLE AND SHAWN IN THE SAME WEEK I JDKDJD WHAT A BEAUTIFUL DAY TO BE ALIVE
In a related story, Carlin was dead less than 3 months after performing this routine. Coincidence? He was only 71.
Pat yourself in the back ARMY, we did good, we did great !!! Now let's chill &amp; get ready for the best collab stage ever
Curry:"Damn we down 10 bro" Draymond "BET"
he got that WAGON double cheeked up...
I wonder why directs all his anger at and not say who is saying
How do you NOT talk to yourself. The me in my head never shuts up. Like I legit can't get this bitch to keep quiet, she's
New sale! My vids are lit! Cum For My Big Tits #MVSales #ManyVids
Avocado letting you know she's going to cost extra
Welcome to Ashburton Army. A new supporter group organised by the fans, where we will travel home and away together
wir installieren dann einfach ein paar kameras, and at the end of the night, we have all
RT if you are loving AG Barr teach basic law to political Democrats who hate Trump more than they love America
I've been thirsty af ever since I had an Italian from Potbelly earlier. The sodium count in that sandwich must be through the roof.
mood
Can we stop associating closeted queerness with violent queerphobia? Thaaaaaaankkksss
I literally TAPPED a car this morning in the school drop off line. Going approximately 5mph, &amp; no harm to her
We have to stand up and fight back for basic student safety! Hope to see you Friday
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
Hilma af Klint, self portrait her paintings, according to her will, were not exhibited in museums for twenty years
And there is extra benefit to this name. If you scream 'holy shit' the puppy will
this new layout is so bad that I can't even get notifications on my phone anymore. I don't get the options to
wish i wasnt cooped up in the office at least i got to be outside and measure 2 houses earlier. gonna be
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
my professor really did just go "it's time for me to retire............... or to die i guess" and if that aint a MOOD
Are they having me on or does this actually happen cus am about to try it
mood
Has Barr been asked under oath if he's read the entire text of the Mueller report? He can't answer basic questions
Artists really gotta bring them dope videos back.
Wendy's owner is a big Trump donor who refuses to pay an extra penny per pound of tomatoes so that farm laborers can
In basic terms: Yes. You should consider any such donation as forming a "link" between you and the
Did we mention it's free? and should LOVE that.
"Wear something casual, nothing too extra" me:
I'm actually hanging out for the Chronic the Hedgehog movie, tbh...
yeet
"You should be more worried about the person that doesn't ask", honestly! And no, asking someone about their sexual health
existed before we had the vote. It's very man made and man run. I didn't report my last rape and
What is dead may never die! We take a look back at Alfie Allen's powerful performance as Theon Greyjoy for the past eight
when you realize the glow up skipped you and ur going to be ugly forever.
"Barely an hour after the flames began to rise above #NotreDame -- at a time when no explanation could be provided by
Gaston Sirino 26 Games 6 goals 10 Assists Directly involved in 16 goals for Mamelodi Sundowns
same energy.
dead ass fighting for my life wtf
I say this alllll the time. Yea you didn't ask for it but you didn't turn it down either sis!!! Foh with that bull shit
"You're funny af" "You're super nice wow"
New pics from #GameofThrones S8 E4 shows the North burning the dead and getting ready for war with #Cersei
Can I have some of that beautiful wet pussy
Congratulations! You won our Hammerhead USB-C headsets! We'll DM you.
Days after four members of a Sikh family were found shot dead in their Ohio apartment, authorities are trying to find out who
What car are you driving??? I'm paying paying like $125, but on the same hand I am driving a PoS
BREAKING: Elizabeth Warren Has just called on William Barr to resign and for Congress to begin impeachment proceedings
Their was this dope ass Link picture at Ross and I'm kinda disappointed in myself for not getting it...
Hey twitter fam I sell sneakers at affordable price Dm or chat me on whatsapp 08168265625. Let do business. Kindly help RT
Always some tolerant lib with a pet photo. #smh
I'm getting really sick and tired of everybody hiding out in DM rooms! Come on out and play out here! * runs around
All at are very proud of Upper 6th student James Degg who has been included in an extended
Anderson also has 30 less PA with only a .7 WAR difference, has more Homer's, RBI, and SB, same OPS
The hearing ends on a fitting note -- with Barr stonewalling 's effort to conduct basic oversight of his job
I literally TAPPED a car this morning in the school drop off line. Going approximately 5mph, &amp; no harm to her
Another unrealistic body standard being pushed on women smh
The Fire House on Honeysuckle Street #Q&amp;a
Judging from its other tweets, I'd said you're dead on about the cuck.
Hey can you shoot us a DM so we can get this fixed?
This is what Trump does. He screws people who can't afford to fight back and forces them to accept his terms of
i will say this forever: the reason bioessentialists are disproportionately white is because bioessentialism of race or
My thoughts are with Ayrton today, and of course Roland who we lost on the same weekend. © John
Mood #Endgame
Did you have a fire? How bad?
Hi The Polaris Xperience app has an OTP and Pin authentication process for
like bruh i got accused of deleting numbers cuzz i said you have my number right txt me.... like WAT BRUH
they cheap cheap
Wendy's owner is a big Trump donor who refuses to pay an extra penny per pound of tomatoes so that farm laborers can
I completed my B.Ed Degree 2017. Can't find a job, not even a Substitute post. I'm currently a cleaner/ domestic worker
This is so disingenuous. Hate Sanders all you want, but he's reliably voted for concrete incrementalism *every time.*
"RT remimah: Whoever just did this Michael Jackson mix on SOUNDCITYAbuja is fire! What?! So smooth." #africaboat
I was confused by her reaction until I played it back and said "nonononono" and shook my head and said "a
Other streaming apps for fire stick except TeaTV, Freeflix &amp; Cinema HD?
Same to you
If we date you can have my phone password, read my texts, answer my phone, get on my twitter, and read my DM's. I have
BREAKING: Elizabeth Warren Has just called on William Barr to resign and for Congress to begin impeachment proceedings
Level of intelligence bruh #Reatsotella
No Holds Barred: 2020 Candidates Demand Resignation As Dems Spew Fire And Brimstone During Dramatic Hearing | Zero Hedge
goals
Congrats for being designated #NoPlaceforHate 100% district-wide. Special thank you to
If my heart could work at the same pace as my brain, that would be great. I don't have the time nor energy to
Missing Holliston man found dead in Milford
I also think that the mobile garage was messed up and it should of stayed the same
says that " Labour voters had already accepted that Brexit must be delivered by voting
Man robs Dairy Queen. Unsuccessfully attempts to carjack woman in drive thru. Returns the same day and robs Dairy
Same
MSNBC 1:25pm BARR: REMOVING A SPECIAL COUNSEL FOR. "CONFLICT" NOT THE SAME AS FIRING HIM AG BARR SAYS TRUMP'S ATTEMPT TO...
Do Discover no Google
You can make every one love the same music. You hold it in high regard, you have a
Where were they when he was out stealing cars and running over Officer Caprio? What
there would be no Brie stans left to tweet. we'd all be dead.
In response to the poll results, we increased the listing fee from 1000 satoshis to 5000 satoshis and will keep
I said extra mayonnaise there's no reason why I shouldn't taste mayonnaise like at all.
same
omg i'm dead
Wen I thought U changed like the chips prices smh
Also discovered what the process of falling in love for crack whores is Its known as "cheat and yeet" , "sly
tbh, i ain't laughing.
bags under my eyes but they gucci tho
Third Eye Fact: Everything is the same thing. There are humans with animal faces..animals with human faces..fish with
bruh if ur gunna leave hate at least get off anon
Same here lol
Everyday
Yo can someone get my landlord to fix my door? I feel a little... uh, VULNERABLE like this!? xD I am late a few months in
Kenzie Zielger performing to grown ass adults for FOMO tour expecting us to know her music
The FBI became the secret police under the Obama Administration. For several years we had our own American Stasi.
percy pigs: we removed the gelatine so everyone can eat them :) they taste the same don't worry gelatine is flavourless
Thao gets it. Listen to Thao.
U ever paying attention in class and still be completely lost bc same
Tell your Mama that I do the same!
some people just watch endgame because they wanna join the "hype" you will not understand or enjoy the movie if you skipped
he's getting prettier and prettier each year! (still I admit Fire era jimin is my favorite)
Guys I can't send dm wtf is going on
i just realized that appa from k/ims c/onvenience and i are in the same sw cosplay group on facebook and i'm freaking out
"Sixty Nine Friday!" Hey, it's #TGIFriday #bigboobs #LickItUp #bigclit Sending you a, happy, hot black ass, sweet
Brad Marchand, a known cheap-shot artist and repeat offender, sucker-punched a defenseless player in the back of the
Nah fam. Rare that we see that from him, don't lie.
you ugly ass yee-yee fuckers who claim to hate gay guys are the same mfkrs to try &amp; get head from a gay guy in the schools
Draymond had LeBron eyes looking like that too. Nigga dead ass be digging in his butt before games
I love Lizzo's music &amp; her message, and I'm so happy to see her success in the music industry &amp; beyond. But I hope
Same Paige, don't put a salad on my delicious Taco Bell
I just... chill, and every time there's a student Dr. C wants me to take care of, I get to come out, yknow, duel,
10 Things To Know. 'What is Amazon Fire TV?': Everything you need to know about Amazon's media streaming devices
realized that this yoongi is the same yoongi we have today :")
Summer mood
Oh my god, the Detective Pikachu Twitter account is going full on savage about the Sonic Movie. I love this so much
Deal dm me
People would really try to make you feel bad for what you do or say to them but don't give af what they do to you!
a whole mood
While the media is fixated on the attempted coup in #Venezuela, they are completely silent on the riots in #Honduras,
BREAKING: Elizabeth Warren Has just called on William Barr to resign and for Congress to begin impeachment proceedings
I bet Val would love to slap some cuffs on the Purp-in-Chief
a mood
Id say just the king and queen now, tbh the kids didnt choose to be born into a royal family
Omg this look soooo dope I have to go next time!
Sugar baby needed just DM me on here or through my number 442-274-0829 and I get to spoil
Exactly!!! lmaoooo I'm stressin the same thing
bruh
"Wear something casual, nothing too extra" me:
GOALS
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
I dislike the idea enough from an RP perspective that I'd only seek it out if I didn't trust my DM
i just remembered when i was at Gucci store in Florence and i asked if they needed something and just a few months
i am freaking out, I PASSED THE ENTRANCE EXAM TO MY DREAM SCHOOL ASDFGHJKL I AM SO FREAKING HAPPY!!!! I DID IT FOR
chill lofi BTS to relax/study to
Yikes
Local peeps and Palm Harbor Happenings...LOOK! Great summer camp opportunities right around the corner!!
No be all thief dey enter police hand same day
Bruh, just get blown up by some terrorist, then shit will happen from there
same
What a hypocrite: While Trump demonizes immigrants, his New York country club exploits undocumented workers and steals
Would you look at that - an opportunity to get yourself a headshot! Will be finished in the same quality as the
It's hard for me to understand why Barr would walk into a U.S. AG position, and not think about that same gov't
Same!
We had SO MUCH FUN while doing this omg... we are too extra maybe lmao #MEmusicvideo
They treated us like we were nothing, no more than rats. No sitting on benches, not walking in parks, no entering
Cuz im in the same WhatsApp group
Not even context helps tbh
Dead
Guys, don't pay
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
Like how you smell like...wet? And rusty?? Your whole body? Your scalp?? Yuckkkk
Tryna get my body done tbh
LoL, yes. Same goes for any group of servers making their way to my table to sing Happy
goals
Bet she's still tight after fucking so many cocks!
The hard truth is, your favourite activists are so loud, until it's something like rape, sexual rights and/or GBV.
Thoughts and best wishes to the firefighters involved, one being our &amp; colleague
Dead df wrong
We're here to help! Meet us in DM, and we'll take it from there.
Draymond had LeBron eyes looking like that too. Nigga dead ass be digging in his butt before games
OMG, just took the LARA BMR MRA survey and its all social justice-y. A woke recreational marijuana program in
Mood
When I have on Skullfort and middle tree Striker and I'm about to turn a dreg into a pancake but
In this week's BONUS episode, we dissected the teaser for The Rise of Skywalker - now we're tossing it back to YOU:
I sure bet his parents will want a piece of his earnings when he becomes famous!
No joke: Every person coming at me sideways is someone from the Smash community. I've entered myself within Fire Emblem
POV: u walk into class and the same group of musical theatre kids are at it again
If this game ends 1-0, the Barca will most likely lose the tie. They need that extra goal
What a hypocrite: While Trump demonizes immigrants, his New York country club exploits undocumented workers and steals
Youri Tielemans could be a really good option for United. 900 minutes in the league for Leicester and has 3 goals
Kept telling myself I didn't have a lane, but I think I have a lane tbh
Mood
Bruh
#Klimakterium #Wechseljahre #Klimanotstand #SchoolStrike4Climate #ExtinctionRebellion
I WANT TO ENTER THIS SY. 2019 -2020 WITH: - MORE CONFIDENCE - CLEARER SKIN - BODY GOALS - HIGHER GOALS - BETTER
like that literally just blew my whole mood.
SLOW &amp; STEADY , FAM !!!!!! $UCSO WILL GO GREEEEEEEEN EVERYDAY !!!!!! TARGET PRICE IS $.50+ WITHIN 45 DAYS !!!!!!!
if the shoe is the same color on both its not
Someone started shit with me and after I replied they said I can spell oof idk what to do bros that was just....
Take our people out your filthy mouth. We know what you are, we have no interest in your crocodile tears. Yom HaShoah is
The twitter men cliques be so corny
Wendy's owner is a big Trump donor who refuses to pay an extra penny per pound of tomatoes so that farm laborers can
They both have the same sound
How I feel when I get my nails and toes worked on at the same time
me bumping the same song I've listened to about 456 times already
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
overthinking will destroy ur mood.
Twat
are all three of the jonas brothers going to be sitting on the same chair
Mood
MOOD
I'm sorry back in the day when all the groups and hood shit was popping the only group I feared was the check it, had
yooo aren't we the same age
I'm dead
Your article,
same
Sending out a handful of people who like / retweet / comment on this post. Sending out extra depending on how much traction
Mets going with the old phantom injury for the absolutely awful Familia. I'd do the same. See ya in a month.
So what's going to happen to trans athletes that have male chromosomes but identify as female and
Translation: is standing w/ Donald Trump, Mike Pompeo, John Bolton, and Elliot Abrams as they attempt a regime
Squad Bistro: The Newest Squad Destination In Bacolod
Mood
Mood:
Thank you. Can someone ask Barr whether the fact that DOJ did not charge HRC means that she was "falsely accused" (and
Nobody really needs to vote tory. As they can always buy extra votes with taxpayers money
a mood
Tommy - give me a follow so I can DM you an appearance offer. Thanks!
is such a mood. You can't change my mind
My prediction : Barcelona will score 2 goals #UCL #FCBLIV
I'm so geeked bruh
It's some fire ass houses in Perris
Speaking of the Night King...we don't really think he's dead do we?
no team is unbeatable
D*vid Beador and Lesley Cook were found DEAD #RHOC
Lol mood
since bbmas today let me bring back this clip of yoongi being so shy next to taylor swift please look at how he slowly
me bumping the same song I've listened to about 456 times already
The family said the same thing, they weee looking it up as soon as movie was done
I really hope #NewzroomAfrika will live up to its promise and offer "daring and unconventional" news stories. It's tiring
I keep forgetting to post this but my sister in law did the damn thing. She worked hard with my mom to get this Siva
BARR: "There's no indication that [the Trump campaign] engaged in the conspiracy to hack." (Trump encouraged Russian hackers
y'all look so cute w those random laughing pictures. i just look like a horse. i'm upset tbh.
Idk who made this video, but they need extra points for accuracy.
STA Travel Discount Code (Verified Daily): Save An Extra $10 On Youth Airfare At STA Travel. Valid thru 05/31/2019
Absolutely... and with the same logic, why not go after Boris Johnson, biographer of Churchill?
Family goals
mood
Yall want me at school on time or y'all want me there everyday? Cant get both smh
jus eat cum bro
I thought the same on the night - I'd heard some pretty unsavoury stuff and thought ‘am I on the
...strange question. As a seat filler is that only for the floor seats that will be on camera or is that for any
Almighty God We ask You to RESTORE ORDER Restore Order to the chaos World Wide Restore Order Mighty God Relieve
Hey so trying taking commissions RestlessReksArt@Gmail.com So if you are interested, please DM me. Will Draw:
Hey terrorist Omar " this is NOT going to be THE country for you - f&amp;cking racist."
i'm so proud of bangtan....imagine dragons is a really phenomenal band and it's amazing that our boys can even be
RETWEET &amp; HEART the tweet above (not this tweet!) to win a pair of tickets for any of my sold out shows anywhere I'm
Mood
these the same ppl who think calvin klein and Michael kors some fancy shit
Do you know that there is a laundry service here in Lagos that makes your clothes as good as new??. They operate within
Unpopular opinion: the minimum voting age should be the same, by law, to the minimum age at which children can be
WH Pess Sec. Sarah Sanders: "AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for
Her face everytime someone tries to help her or take care of her is absolutely painful... You can see how much she's
#WednesdayMotivation Even the largest of fires starts from a tiny spark. That same potential is within you, so
esotheric Schröderism seems based and redpilled, but he should´ev invited czechoslovakia into the bundesrepublik as
RT if you have this same plate in your house.
Wtw dm?
Also, so weird that &amp; Democrats now seem so concerned about Rod Rosenstein overseeing the Mueller Probe when
[endgame spoilers] - - - when thor is explaining where to get the reality stone and ends up talking about his love life,
Regina SK Weather, Temp:10.9ºC; Dew:-6.9ºC; Pressure:1018.80hPa.; Wind:1/kph@311.0 Wind Chill:10.9°C
A hungry irritated female is a demon bruh.
If u tryna be like this hmu
Fight #FOMO - sign up for unbiased election info:
Thank you, Ma'am! You were on Fire! Yes! I was feeling Americans in The House! Great feeling!... you know, as opposed
Earning #cryptocurrency for selling my stuff on Join me using code "DNRHPH" for an extra 100 XNK. I just
Dad videos be making me teary eyed smh
Looks like hell's gonna be lit as fuck
Title 7 of the 1964 Civil Rights Act already guarantees women's rights. The Equal Pay Act of 1963
Has Barr been asked under oath if he's read the entire text of the Mueller report? He can't answer basic questions
I said some very dark things and then I muted Cruz.
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
i'm going to bed oOf i'm drained
If u tryna be like this hmu
Teachers be gossiping more than kids do smh
Mood
LOL low key no buuttr after this weekend I dont wanna think about a single graduation cap for atleast a month
CRENSHAW.. best Nip album ever.. it was the first one that made y'all realize he was who he was... lyrically he's
THE most humbling experience of my life
Why could the two of them not went on the same poster as they are running in adjoining areas?! Another day of
Curry:"Damn we down 10 bro" Draymond "BET"
Days Gone has been the biggest series I've had all year thanks to all of your support. Much love fam!
percy pigs: we removed the gelatine so everyone can eat them :) they taste the same don't worry gelatine is flavourless
jimin just flexed his hot boyfriend, expensive car, and award show attendance in the Same Tweet.
Bts be wearing the same black Nd white Olive Garden waiter looking ass suits when they could be creative and go
The reasons the whole world is dead
Works for MOBILE/PC/XBOX/PS4 fortnite players. They use the same payment servers. This has been limited to 6,000
Super Readers reaching their AR Goals in 2nd Grade. Growing strong readers and reaching for the sky.
Shots fired.
"Trump promised to drain the swamp and he flooded his national security team with that exact swamp" says
Can y'all stop quoting racist western stans and/or ssing and mentioning them and bringing them on the tl,,,, it's the
RIHANNA BAE
It's unethical that people can sell and profit off of marketed weed with labels and pictures of themself on it
I am so proud of our Earl Woods Scholars and the goals they are accomplishing. It was great catching up with Grace during
When you send a risky text and you recieve one back with the same energy
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
Translation: is standing w/ Donald Trump, Mike Pompeo, John Bolton, and Elliot Abrams as they attempt a regime
hold up, did this girl sold a fuckin dragon for 8k men, are you mad? dw she got the translator girl with her so we gucci
RADAR UPDATE: Smoke Plume is still showing up on Radar due to a recycling plant fire in north Knoxville please
Current mood:
Dead right there!!!
800,000 reasons why Lindsey Graham prefaced today's hearing with the same disinformation used by Kremlin-directed
And in a tip of a cap to the old way of playing baseball the Beau is considering starting the same pitcher in
DM me, let's talk.
cass won the first his other 2 rounds didn't sound the same
Has Barr been asked under oath if he's read the entire text of the Mueller report? He can't answer basic questions
also lil bbmas spoiler (not really) but y'all remember bts stages in america? like no decor and absolutely no flavor, it was
Why do we dip regular ass salty tortilla chips in queso when Doritos slap soooo hard
That's the question. Three points would have to align: 1) I'm playing with people where I would fall
San Marino GP morning warm up, footage from the morning session as the cars blast through the Tamburello Curve. Imola, 1st
Agree with you in ZulMaz part. Ama zuldem? Tbh I skip their scenes..I cannot watch their scenes.
Barcelona vs Liverpool: TV channel, live stream, squad news ... WAtch Now Watch Now
Everybody in Philly is Muslim, so I know this is fake news.
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
SEOKJIN SAID I LOVE YOU 3000 N HOSEOK STARTED SNAPPING HOS FINGERS WHERE MY MARVEL ARMY STANS AT
Sugar baby needed just DM me on here or through my number 442-274-0829 and I get to spoil you
A fucking mood
Let's connect to make sure you are taking advantage of important financial milestones as you work toward your retirement
Anyone trying to be a squad of ninjas tonight HMU? LETS GOOOOO!!!
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
Do you all get this? #AskingForAFriend
The record number of World Cup career goals is 16 by German Miroslav Klose. #FIFA #WorldCup # Klose
I'm a big fan of 40s wide leg trousers and 'menswear' style also was just feeling the mood of this pic
Me sitting at home hungry af thinking bout that one time 6 years ago I stupidly didn't finish my meal
Same group of felons ain't no adding to the picture! Smack a couple bitches watch the charges get bigger!
Same
The Sonic Movie is just a sequel to Hop or at the very least takes place in the same universe. You can't convince me
BREAKING: Elizabeth Warren Has just called on William Barr to resign and for Congress to begin impeachment proceedings
one direction really went from living in the same apartment complex to being the type of friends who only text each
You're my favorite parody account.
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
my personal otp
That response was booty. Get to watchin', fam jam. Okurrrr?
At what point does talking about sex is gonna get boring cause that's what i see y'all posting every other tweet.

Tickets are generally answered in the order they've received. Mind letting us know the ticket number
Fuck you holding up the whole damn division just to quit smh inconsiderate AF
#BAEWATCH Vivid Eyeliners trio by | May 10th This Vivid Liquid Eyeliner Trio delivers bright pastel hues
Fam I can eat breakfast food for all 3 meals in a day
Avengers: Endgame Cast Sings "We Didn't Start the Fire"
big oof, mine weren't even cat calls just....let me be
My chart is heavily ruled by fire and air. I am exhausted
The Lexington community talked with #StreetSquad19 to get their thoughts on the education rally at the State
I promise you somebody took that same situation you're in rn and bodied it. Find a solution
We have a few extra #HollywoodStudios30 maps to give away! Want one? Go LIKE or RT our other #WaltDisneyWorld
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
Yes I do accept they have and may still make mistakes but I know they will learn from them and not
I do the exact same thing—you're mom is a swell lady!
johnny suh johnny talented johnny nctnightnight johnny cute johnny piano johnny chicago johnny dj johnny photography
Thankyou. I have sent information across in dm
Bet you vote #labour
mood
"I love you 3000"
for those who are too stubborn: pepsi is a major leader in destroying our rainforests. many species, including sunbears
One month until vacation with bae !
Hes right tbh
namjin au where you say out loud what your soulmate is thinking and it can happen at any moment, jin screams seokjin gay in
#vanre If you bought in May 2018 the average price per sq ft in Yaletown was $1354 sq ft, or $1,354,000 for a 1000 sq ft
The sit-in area again, now from a different angle. It's important to remain focused on common goals and to keep on
Tell me WHY i was going to make the caption "show this to your babies and lmk their reaction" bruh...
As night falls, light a #YellowCandle to remember a single life lost in the Holocaust. Blima Lancberg died age
Come home safely,I lit a candle and tied a yellow ribbon on an old oak tree. Xx
We apologize for this hold up, Scott. We never want you to have to wait, and hate that you've
Smh- she is a mess and she doesn't even realize it. That is the saddest part.
Yet men are never given a reason to stalk, they are just crazy. When
31- the only naruto ship
Following the draft, notable unsigned NFL free agents: * Ziggy Ansah * Eric Berry * Ndamukong Suh * Corey Liuget *
Not only Democrats. Anyone and everyone that is concerned about what is happening In the U.S. today.
Barr just admitted he did not look at the evidence in the Mueller report. Nor did Rosenstein. Nor did anyone in the
johnny suh johnny talented johnny nctnightnight johnny cute johnny piano johnny chicago johnny dj johnny
johnny suh johnny talented johnny nctnightnight johnny cute johnny piano johnny chicago johnny dj johnny photography
"I love you 3000" :(( marvelmys lets all sob together
This is discriminatory in every possible way, and at the very bare minimum, it ignores basic science. Testosterone is
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
|| Wanda/Vision won from the poll yesterday so Evie is a kid of that. Now I just need to figure out a decent
Suga Focus Bet Yoongi has always been fluent in English. He just didn't know himself. Chill, smiley, swag, shy,
Exact same thing Sessions said two years ago on one of the rare occasions when he came out of his bunker. Where
Daily Kos Democratic Primary Straw Poll 1:00 PM PST Bernie 35% Liz 21% Joe 17% Let's do this peeps
I love you 3000..
hi this is Joe. I do apologize on behalf of FedEx about the delivery issue. Please DM
SAME!! She was so cute
Still helping out this week to save for school I will be giving out $24000!!!!!each other will be getting $500.. daddy
Your going to respect his music checkout in "Dope Spot III "Soul of a Trapper"
Breaking #FoxNews Alert : 'Boyz n the Hood' director John Singleton dead at 51, family announces
In your mind William Barr, current Attorney General at DOJ, lying to cover up misdeeds
streaming Red Dead Redemption 2!
eh i know but whats worse is eve was good until they picked up a cod leader who quit leading because he was
I think that republicans are too stupid to jump ship and the majority will sink with Trump!
Fuck me I'm dead
0 waifus on the left tho smh
—&gt; New pinned tweet for a few weeks. — Jon Moxley Roleplayer, (was Dean.) — Literate/ Semi-descriptive. — SLs are
Not a soul bruh lmaooo
Hi! I would like to feature you and your art in a piece about OWL. Please DM back and I tell you about it!
im finna shoot to fifty shit rn wat u tryna do?
I see the same situation in Madrid too, people having to start their lives from zero.
New pics from #GameofThrones S8 E4 shows the North burning the dead and getting ready for war with #Cersei
I'm surprised she can speak and breathe at the same time.
if I have to deal with elementary school girls with their annoying ass moms during fomo tour cause pm decided to have a
Lol I love it
Hey Leo, can I help with anything please? Feel free to DM. WI
if u dont come see little women tomorrow-sat 7pm in the DHS auditorium ur dead to me tix are only $15 for
sorry EVERYONE thinks like this this is just a thought process?? I've not seen one person reply to any of this thread saying
hate the guy but have to admit he is very talented at scoring goals
Tonight we lit a Yellow Candle in memory of Raya Berezina of Meriupol who perished at Mariupol in 1941, aged 3.
#fortnite tonight with bae Come watch us at for some laughs. 18:30 MST
I'm giving oral evidence on 7th May to Parliament's Joint Committee on the UK Domestic Abuse Bill and response I very
Same--I too missed it. I agree with Sam, energy has been out of whack. I am here if
DM'ed you!!
Barr is worthless! RESIGN or FIRE HIM! He lacks integrity...as a USAG! Disgrace to the Rule of Law!
Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell said Wednesday that "men and women should make the same for the same work, by and
Looking at YOU, .@HouseDemocrats .@SpeakerPelosi .@LeaderHoyer .@HouseDemocrats .@HouseGOP! IMPEACH TRUMP NOW!
Well excuse us Moneybag Yo, but who in the hell finna willingly &amp; proudly pay $14 for a pack of skittles &amp; a small
Fact. Scots universally gauge how good a country is by the price of a pint. "Just back from Poland" "Haven't been there,
"Wear something casual, nothing too extra" me:
Wow Pete's staff needs help. This is his communication director???? #Yikes
True I feel the same. But then, I would expect some reversal at that stophunt.. was more
Slaughter in Haifa: on April 22, 1948, the Zionists assaulted Palestinian homes in Haifa. The attack
dating me is like when you find out the song you've skipped for the past week is actually fire.
Pity our owners did not have the same passion.
I'm still very VERY salty about Jesse Williams saying the world needed to do better by Black women while cheating on and
are all three of the jonas brothers going to be sitting on the same chair
Facebook wild, men pay women to chill with them? Smh
Tonight tens of thousands of people around the UK will light a #YellowCandle to commemorate a single victim of the
mood
#Nutrition is a science not an opinion! #fightthefad #trustadietitian
Sugar baby needed just DM me on here or through my number 442-274-0829 and I get to spoil
I'm excited to announce that I will be attending North Carolina A&amp;T State University! I will be at #NSO2 DM me
Sugar baby needed just DM me on here or through my number 442-274-0829 and I get to spoil you
McManaman: "The fans here are so protective of Messi. You're not allowed to foul him. To kick him" No, you're are not,
#TrumpCrimeSyndicate FIRE UP SHREDDERS:TRUMP FAMILY SUES DEUTSCHE BANK TO KEEP SHADY FINANCES UNDER WRAPS If president (and
this scene makes me so sad but proud at the same time, i don't know how to explain it- it's magnus, you can't see him
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
ik when my brothers tryna figure some shit out but don't wanna say bc i do the same lol
Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell said Wednesday that "men and women should make the same for the same work, by and
Don't waste your time with fakes that asks for banking info. I pay via Cashapp/Venmo/Paypal etc. DM Like /RT/Follow/
Man robs Dairy Queen. Unsuccessfully attempts to carjack woman in drive thru. Returns the same day and robs Dairy
I promise you somebody took that same situation you're in rn and bodied it. Find a solution
Thanks so much for the quick easy transaction and same day shipping.
Lol I love it
Congratulations to on their victory in the Norfolk Senior Cup this evening especially the former
Las Vegas peeps! If you don't have plans tonight and wanna see my friend host the Billboard Music
It's disappointing to see that this has been your experience with our service. I'd be happy to help
Don't think we watched the same session. Barr owned the Democrats. That's your problem. Too bad.
I've always wondered the SAME D—N thing..NO WORKERS WANT TO PAY FOR UNIONS...But most are forced into it a-Its a
big mood forever
Khama Billiat 32 Games 7 Goals 10 Assists Directly involved in 17 goals for Kaizer Chiefs
Oh I know it's gonna be lit
Actor James Woods held prisoner in 'Twitter jail' - WND there's no way in hell this guy should be silenced! #freespeech in
are all three of the jonas brothers going to be sitting on the same chair
The whole "idc" act is dead. You dont have emotions? Thats ok. go be toxic elsewhere
In the mood for some nasty ass sex rn
Everything about this just screams gay like, that walk and the way he says "Bae" eye-
And as an extra bonus, is doing Maddow tonite.
BREAKING: Elizabeth Warren Has just called on William Barr to resign and for Congress to begin impeachment proceedings
Paper straws are for the devil !!! Soggy af !!
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
Same he's bringing out a special guest
State Saturday... 10 security GUARDS 4 On duty POLICE Back Gates will be secured with security &amp; police Safe Fun &amp;
Like a Good Court Jester you seek to impress your master Modi! Dr Manmohan Singh got a long list of terrorists included
Starter Call! Upon liking this,, you will be recieving a gif starter with possible dialogue. Upon retweeting,,
i feel like doyoung would be a jaehyun stan who tries to be Low Key But is very High Key and make
I was just asked in DM if you win one of our smaller giveaways (sticker packs/the current giveaway etc) if it
Knowing Eva's story, it makes it so extra special to see her beautiful family growing, in a healthy loving relationship! #rhoa
Fact. Scots universally gauge how good a country is by the price of a pint. "Just back from Poland" "Haven't been there,
DM's : Open Heart : ready to be broke Yee : Haw
The same way they did for Japanese Americans. Write them a check. It isn't hard.
are you really that much of a dope? You, Congress, approved and selected Mueller now you want to
JIN JUST SAID.... I LOVE YOU 3000 TO US... MARVELARMYS....
this scene makes me so sad but proud at the same time, i don't know how to explain it- it's magnus, you can't see him
so you're telling me, you can put your flavor shots for blueberry crisp in a iced latte but I
we have taste oof
EDGEVILLE BUZZ - Andersonville Wine Walk Returns With 6 New Locations and Food Pairings -
Can anyon give me some "bad" chick lit recs? I'm craving something along the lines of Sophie Kinsella or The Selection
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
mood
The UK Parliament has just passed a motion recognising that we are in a climate emergency. Meanwhile in Australia
Folks who say they 'dont understand' why I make vegan pork belly (yes I will call it that bc it is the exact
Mueller is pissed because the summary didn't include the generalized mood of his report. Well, tough. It's not the job of
// what do i even do in this situation oof
yo dm me quickly
Nik Ehlers has scored more 5-on-5 goals per minute than Kyle Connor has over the past two seasons, despite playing less
Looks like it smh
Nintendo: we're slowly diminishing production for the 3ds and software for it, as we move on to the switch me: oh thank
Big mood
Greggs employees deserve the same wages as Doctors
Massive bro, we've struggled 2nd half idk how we played so well first tbh
Me and my fren having the exact same amount of dumb bitch energy
Fmr. CIA Director John Brennan: "I'm still waiting for those Republicans to realize that the ‘Trump ship' is a sinking one,
Stop looking for happiness in the same place you lost it.
Just watched. Omg it's so funny and cute at the same time seeing you trying to learn the
I have a lot of DM'S lately but no tributes attached, that's unacceptable. #FinDom #FemDom #BBR #sadistic #brat #goth
I'm sure Bill Clinton would've liked to know that if you don't like an investigation into you as President, you can
"One fiddy with tax." 21 years ago today. Fire.
Dm me I have one!!!
Yikes that was close !
Me sitting at home hungry af thinking bout that one time 6 years ago I stupidly didn't finish my meal
An officer of the Geneva police department DM'd me on insta and he's kinda hot
Yasssssssss. Congrats sis!!! It's lit
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
I'm a woman and I'm all for equal pay and FAIRNESS. I don't see anything wrong with what
Avocado letting you know she's going to cost extra
Aye....y'all be weird af on here,
It was a privilege to denounce devastating sanctions &amp; US coup attempt against Venezuela on the most watched news show
New logo, same #RedHat. It's official- the new Red Hat logo is now live on our #Raleigh office! #OpenBrandProject
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
are all three of the jonas brothers going to be sitting on the same chair
POV: u walk into class and the same group of musical theatre kids are at it again
Only if you are a white male perpetuating a system that disenfranchises people of color power and basic humanity.
I hand made a bunch of boob pots - if you'd like one they are listed on my Etsy shop!! Link in bio. If you want a
Yes, of course the man who was a leader of an armed insurrection, and died by firing squad, would be most upset by
Lmao yea bro they are fire I can't even lie
jk rowling and the russo brothers have the same energy
Same, but not from pizza ^_~
If you live in Moorside vote for the brilliant tomorrow!
When your DM is the one I'm waiting for.
And when I say 'recover'? I don't mean it how you think. Melted chocolate that is re-solidified is not the same.
"Wear something casual, nothing too extra" me:
Point in having firmino on the bench for this if he can't even come on for 30 mins ????
I know damn well if a random guy who wasn't famous pulled up to a date with fake nails y'all girls would be like wtf.
Goals
Stop saying I want a bigger role. Read better. I wanted the chance the same role. It's gone. I don't write these articles
making fun of your religion by saying „Allahu Akbar", saying things about bombs etc in your presence and asking
Do you want to know how dead the Mueller report is , and the Russian collusion narrative is? The unredacted version
Thanks for being so open about this struggle. Even someone that many find extremely handsome can
Friends, what are some basics college students should know about going out on their own? I'm thinking "how to sew
the fan saying "kyungsoo-yah, i really love you kyungsoo-yah..." with a close to crying voice is such a whole fat mood
mood
What will it take for Hurdle to stop making the same idiotic decisions? How many times can he keep
"There are worse ways to die than warm &amp; drunk. I knew a brother drowned himself in wine once. It was a poor vintage
Jungkook eating throughout the whole interview. MOOD. #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
That's enough from you today
Me AF
mood
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
Triggered.
Same goes for you fuckers on Pinterest that post a cake recipe, and the first ingredient is a box of cake mix. Get bent.
Consider commissioning me for something fun for you or a loved one! RT's appreciated~ Rates are below!
I think the perspective that dc makes bad movies should change. There are 7 movies in the universe, man of steel,
What a hypocrite: While Trump demonizes immigrants, his New York country club exploits undocumented workers and steals
Amy Tucker, FES Teacher, "Running Club gives our students an opportunity to excel each time we meet! It's a life
I don't mind spending £15 on food but when it comes to £15 for a iphone charger my mood goes from 100 to 0 real quick
I'm just gonna sleep my weekend is already hell, someone lighten up my mood please, well anyways goodnight. "I can
Since everyone is talking about the Sonic Movie, I want to direct your attention to the opening cutscene from Sonic
When will we value platonic love in media? Not everyone has to be a romantic ship???
.@SenatorHughes tells a personal story about how the helped residents in his district when a fire
Well excuse us Moneybag Yo, but who in the hell finna willingly &amp; proudly pay $14 for a pack of skittles &amp; a small
"On February 25, 2017, I lost my 4-year-old son Johnathan to a nine-dose cocktail of vaccinations. They wreaked
H u n k . C h | M a s s a g e X e r i e s | T R - M G 0 0 3 Jap. Muscle Dad, binottom ni Masahista Boy Libog. Enjoy?
Done all the washing, cleaned and tidied, had a wash, done some garden stuff.... mood
you crazy asf thinking im finna apologize . nigga plss
How do you join your clan? Please Dm
I need to make some sales today guys! Amateurporn/lolabayy Or if you wanna buy through me dm!
How can you not be excited for Jaire Alexander and Darnell Savage in the same secondary? Energetic, athletic,
Elsa Sanchez enjoys a hard dick deep in her wet pussy.
love this
From my press conference on Burnaby Mountain today with structural engineer Gordon Dunnet, SFU Prof John Clague, and BROKE
Take our people out your filthy mouth. We know what you are, we have no interest in your crocodile tears. Yom HaShoah is
I like my teachers and all, (for the most part) but can we just have like the rest of the year to chill? Not really in
ASA didn't sing "Jailer, bibanke, fire on the mountain" to be compared with someone that sang "let me see you do the koffi
In the mood for blood.
Same!!!!
check dm
BIG MOOD
Lebohang Maboe 31 Games 8 Goals 6 Assists Directly involved in 14 goals for Mamelodi Sundowns

bet I'm ready to hug
honestly same i'm buzzing to see what the future holds for them !!
sis same
From Bengal till Sindh, military carries the same attitude. #StopHumiliatingPashtunWomen
he thinks im "mega cute and kind of hot tbh" so i think this is a win for me today, ladies
We almost started with the same team. I had Mané instead of B. Silva but also Robertson, Mendy, Salah,
Literally can I just enjoy anything endgame game of thrones with out the SJW army RIP on all the men like??? Why
i'd rather swallow denim tbh
No way lol
Over 100 pages in the Mueller Report were dedicated to enumerating the many, many, many, contacts btwn Russia and campaign
Assange Sentenced 50 Weeks For Bogus Bail Charge. The UK's National Security State wants to induce a Climate of
"Wear something casual, nothing too extra" me:
Do yall ever read a message from someone &amp; think "see this is why I don't like fucking talking to you" bc same
looks like a mad dog..... look at his face, it tells his bias.
Billboard TSA voting just ended. Thanks for working hard and doing your best for our boys. Let's continue promoting
Smh paramount bad.
tonight's unplanned pre-birthday celeb was so lit
you're my kind of woman, bunny.
Why No Public Outrage? Why Media Silent? Why Gadchiroli not important for a day even but Pulwama is for months? Because
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
Tip for job applicants: if you send an email asking to reschedule an interview an
remember when i made the exact same joke and it blew up
idk what taehyung's been doing lately but he looks good EXTRA GOOD like really really good so good, good good
i will send 7 nudes to all who retweet #tits #ass #horny #kik #nudes #cumtribute #nsfw #nude #porn #pussy
bro mood
There is a gale blowing through the MCC isn't there? A Sri Lankan, even if it is the mighty and honourable Kumara
Man robs Dairy Queen. Unsuccessfully attempts to carjack woman in drive thru. Returns the same day and robs Dairy
Wendy's owner is a big Trump donor who refuses to pay an extra penny per pound of tomatoes so that farm laborers can
Little Known Black History Fact: Shirley Horn
Everybody in Philly is Muslim, so I know this is fake news.
#Borderlands3 didn't borderlands 2 sell around the same rate for the xbox 360 &amp; ps3? with the pc selling...?
Bruh high school lunch is fucking garbage don't nobody wanna chug down milk after eating a pizza
This has been bothering me for a while. All the people on here who are like "I haven't been canvassed, don't they
Sorry bro, I got work
students for yeet?
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
Mood
How many times are you guys gonna reprimand this person ? He insulted me, Kaz, Nonny, Shamiso, Bassie and Dee.. How he's
We spontaneously went to Paris after being together a month, you took me to Coachella for my 21st, we did Barcelona for
BREAKING: Elizabeth Warren Has just called on William Barr to resign and for Congress to begin impeachment proceedings
The only reason Oga Segun Oni left PDP for APC in 2014 was that "He can't work with Fayose," as he said then. But the
i will say this forever: the reason bioessentialists are disproportionately white is because bioessentialism of race or
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
I'm could be for Biden. Hope he picks a woman for VP. At the same time, I hate to lose any currently held
taky mood
Northstar is Bae
A mood
Why can't Libs keep its hands off the public assets. We
Kinda Leo - your company is brain dead. Doesn't respond to messages. How can I trust a company that offers
i went to go lay down in the dark due to a headache today and the school nurse accidentally never woke me up
I'll never look at Tupperware the same way... #ReaTsotella
People about to break their necks jumping on tabIes n shit for this challenge smh
Judge nap is so salty
Avocado letting you know she's going to cost extra
Tonight with my 6yr old little girl, we lit this #YellowCandle for Alik Raiz age 8 who died as one of 6m jews murdered
Announcing IEEE SPAWC 2019 Student Travel Grants (up to USD 1,500) for students interested in the general research
ok so shawn just announced a new song is coming friday AND the jonas brothers just announced a new tour!!! this
Stoked doesn't even begin to describe how we feel! Counting the days!!
Idk what you said but tiddies fire
What? U mad #Troll? U triggered Bro? #Bots and #BoughtAndPaidFor by
Our #PrinceAlbert office has relocated to a new location! The new address is 579 – 28th Street West, Prince
Same.
do you feel tired. it is 1:35 in my — #BBMAsTopSocial EXO || Yes same it is 1:40 in most of our
If we dropped to a lower Internet, basic cable (20 channels) and added only sports package it was $155. NOT TODAY COMCAST.
mood
SMH #RodRosenstein was never a white hat like GOP shills wanted us to believe. Just another Trump/GOP toady 1. W/
AG Barr argues that there is a difference on obstruction between the president saying "go fire Mueller" vs. "have him removed
. Muslim teenage boy explains "Every non-Muslim girl who refuses to convert to Islam must be raped" They justify
Almighty God We ask You to RESTORE ORDER Restore Order to the chaos World Wide Restore Order Mighty God Relieve
I fux with the leather socks look. Get yourself wudu without having to take em off. that's a mood
Mood right now : " I want to hug may fav person "
I woke up as a bad bitch again! ugh life is so hard
With the end of the semester, I just want to brag a little. As of Spring ‘19 I'm a member of 5 honor societies. This
Barr just admitted he did not look at the evidence in the Mueller report. Nor did Rosenstein. Nor did anyone in the
Thrilled to announce LEGEND OF THE FIRE PRINCESS, an original graphic novel with NEW content including a BIG REVEAL!
I am working on a project currently that will expose some of these cretins for what they
i will say this forever: the reason bioessentialists are disproportionately white is because bioessentialism of race or
Things will never be the same.
September de Earth wind fire ahaha
Its more disgusting to see these same players try to incite the ref. Suarez, Messi major culprit.
Mood
Nobody: Me: So here's the wet look y'all asked for. Hope you enjoy!
IMPEACH ARE COUNTRY IS ON FIRE
Same. Weak and drunk.
Mood 24/7.
Goooood morning my peeps
same lol (definitely not because i am a hecking 12 year old who plays nothing but fortnite all the damn time)
If KQ is struggling to manage very basic flights, how will they manage JKIA?..
Yallll this about to be fire
Wish all the people who don't care about game of thrones could tweet about one thing at the same time so the GOT fans
Wait this is a roast battle?
I don't care how old We get, loyalty stay the same period
when you realize the glow up skipped you and ur going to be ugly forever.
"...show strong leadership on climate change", but not to the point of never again flying in a jet airliner for
same
a mood
This is the current mood at the early hours of today at Usmanu Danfodiyo University Hostel......... The heat is jst
need someone in south korea to say fuck it and allow stray kids, ateez, loona, itzy, nct, the boyz, everglow, txt to
Rescued Orphaned Arizona Bear Cubs OK After Mom Found Dead
A f*k'ing Muslim saying to us that: "This is not going to be the country of white people" Are you all just going to
Imagine being married to a nigga and at breakfast he like "Ionno what you finna do but I'm single now"
selling carts hmu
Tense moments of rescue as the intensive attacks continue in Southern #Idlib and northern #Hama. The White Helmets
lmao big mood
Us cancers flawless tbh
So hurt by the people I was also lied too. I was lost in the same way, committing my world to the
DK: "You haven't seen a 6'3'', 230 lbs, run a 4.33 with a 40.5 inch vertical" Actually Calvin Johnson was 6'5'', 239
bnha au where everything's the same but bakugou says "rolling thunder" instead of "die"
here's Sope being all extra with those fucking bags, and then there's just Joonie, like: I GOT LEGS BABYY
I'm breaking your jaw your joining your dead family
i swear i better see them posting a picture like this again with the same award #BBMsTopSocial
Live in 5 with Div Rivals grind! Potential long stream! | Come Watch! | Come Chill! | !KDB !discord !twitter
Hi everyone! If you could please share, I need an intern tomorrow or Friday, and then I need someone Saturday as
the hello kitty collab with bt21 is wack i didnt expect much tbh especially after their clapped speak yourself tour merch
When you hear something like that in Russia, it's like news from another planet. I hope that we still live on the
Damn bruh, THAT HIT ME
Lmao same
CleanUpExpress RT/FB DM 4 a ride
mood: feeling sad while i listen to "Solo de Mi" of Bad Bunny
Wow. May of disagreed with some of his writings and may have been blocked/unblocked a few times. But he seemed very
Owned
... this weekend and wishing me well...not a damn thing went unnoticed. My goals have always pretty straight forward.
Same, but Liverpool have to win so they can lose to Ajax in the final.
mood
All customers except 3 in the immediate vicinity of the fire have had their power restored. KUB will continue to have a
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
serious inquiry — if i send you a pic of my titties, can you make a pot? this a talking piece &amp; i need it in my home.
I'd say they do...
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
Same here. That Sweet Dreams is eluding me !
Allied is looking to pick up a team for the SMITE competitive scene. Like, follow, and DM is for us to join the
So Warnock gets fined 20k for criticising the officials for blatant mistakes, yet the officials who made the initial
Usain Bolt has a higher testosterone level than his peers which gives him a natural advantage and nobody is complaining about
Same lol
I'm in love with D because he's smart, ethereal, hilarious, genuine, into the same things as me, has a great taste in
I did not need to be dragged like this....
SLOW &amp; STEADY , FAM !!!!!! $UCSO WILL GO GREEEEEEEEN EVERYDAY !!!!!! TARGET PRICE IS $.50+ WITHIN 45 DAYS !!!!!!!
Don't care how basic I sound, I want Billie Faiers whole life !!! All your nearest and dearest partying in the
Las las, they'd suck out all the nectar and take it back to their queen. #karashika
Same
My dog does that when he gets something stuck in his throat.. He has a habit of eating
SAME AF LOL
mood
also mar and may stay away uglies smh
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
Assange Sentenced 50 Weeks For Bogus Bail Charge. The UK's National Security State wants to induce a Climate of Fear,
[endgame spoilers] - - - when thor is explaining where to get the reality stone and ends up talking about his love life,
Translation: is standing w/ Donald Trump, Mike Pompeo, John Bolton, and Elliot Abrams as they attempt a regime
look at the pokemon account. look how proud they are of this movie. how they've been enthusiastically showing off
McManaman: "The fans here are so protective of Messi. You're not allowed to foul him. To kick him" No, you're are not,
same
I woke up at 3am, realized where I was and went back to sleep. Smh
Same we only need 1 to go into the lead so.. not much pressure tbh and they look like there in charge of the game
I take Cymbalta and Wellbutrin every day to raise my baseline mood high enough that I have a fighting chance to
I bet you do. Have a brilliant time. You are staying with John and family ?
I'm just so glad JD Souther didn't go through with killing Jackson Browne back in the day like he mentioned after
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
"You know what the best thing is? When you no longer have FOMO over anything. I was always someone who wanted to be
Doctors shaming thin women is part of the same problem of healthcare misogyny, but
I just woke up and I think I'm still in shock we got #87 last night
I'm hungry af
oof yes king
But you know this already. Hence your investment in Rivian! It's
Same but i cant handle this much stress any longer
life #hack: ruin your gpa and take extra years to finish college, this will save you money because you can keep paying
when u have a sassy mouth but hella sensitive at the same time (aka me)
So now Bill Barr too? Smh. Everybody who works with Trump eventually lies. And lies. And lies.
Here. Not armed. Famélic. Weak (low physical energy, meaning disfuncional biochemistry-
Why so surprised at that, we have a "dead women walking" in No 10
On Jesus I'll never worry about anyone else that's weird af
Ladies what's a secret your boyfriend/husband doesn't know about you. Please DM. I'll make a thread with the
U ever paying attention in class and still be completely lost bc same
Even if you'd play football, don't make all the football clubs you have played for hate you. Same thing Ajax,
What a hypocrite: While Trump demonizes immigrants, his New York country club exploits undocumented workers and steals
Shots fired.
Enough...look me and mum just had the same 'conversation' it wasn't your fault. How were you to
Rent is up stupid as fuck &amp; we keep call it "normal" and/or clowning ppl for not being able or pay that shit or
As good as we can be, hope the same goes for you and the kids.
Dm don't talk in public pls
5'6 same as me
Sad mood.
don't make so many promises when you can't even keep one.
Damn that's dope
Please dm me back! what section and row are the tickets for?
POV: u walk into class and the same group of musical theatre kids are at it again
#GuestAuthor on my blog this Wednesday is who's talking #autism and the realities today, as well as
guys...the entire screen time of the Marvel Cinematic Universe is 3000 minutes. ...I love you...3000...
GLOBAL LUV PARTY TRENDING AT NO.4 ON PHILIPPINES TRENDS. PEARLS ARE ON FIRE RIGHT NOW! GLOBAL LUV PARTY
JIN JUST SAID.... I LOVE YOU 3000 TO US... MARVELARMYS....
Word up Barr! We are not stupid!!! Have YOU read the Mueller Report, I would conclude NOT.
H.R. 2407 amends an existing human rights law known as the "Leahy Law" to specifically prohibit US funds from being used for
If you still saying "Don't tell me nothing about the movie bro i haven't seen it!" You aint no fan bruh #AvengersEndgame
Check out fire opal Cz ring gemstone silver jewelry Sz 8 elegant modern cocktail style HE via
Let me know the size she's in and I'll make
ppl don't see a problem with their behavior until you start doing the same shit back
Bruh. What. The. Fuck.
And this is why she's my first choice RN. will handily SLAY #IndividualOne without breaking a nail
Having sex wit the same person over n over only gets better n better. yall know what each other like. baby teamwork
All inclusive &gt; dem kids
Mood:
need someone in south korea to say fuck it and allow stray kids, ateez, loona, itzy, nct, the boyz, everglow, txt to
Aye chill on my myspace picture man....
After all dat I done been thru I ain't finna lose
all of these demons are haunting my head spring is just cancelled, 'cause roses are dead
Note that Barr twice refused to answer Blumenthal's "Who" questions: who was there, and who took notes. Any bet there
Most people get up and begin going about their morning routine without a real goal in mind for what they want to
shit, this triggered me so bad... THANKS
The same thing he does everyday, writing how trash the song is without listening to it first.
I'm that guy
Sorry peeps had to cut off stream to prevent spoilers. Will come back on after the ending.
are all three of the jonas brothers going to be sitting on the same chair
legit same bc all my playlists are on spotify but i gotta listen to the Romeo EP at least once a day
iTunes US: #79 #BTS - Boy With Luv feat. Halsey #156 #BLACKPINK - Kill This Love #323 #TWICE - FANCY #561 BLACKPINK -
The DemoKKKrat Party is DEAD. The old KKK party has
Another unrealistic body standard being pushed on women smh
you stalk your ex, I pretend mines dead we different
I want to be your sugar daddy. And spoil just first 10babes I do not want sex or nude. Thanks 75people who like
Mike's head of security Julio. Bet he got some stories
Kill them
I chose grad school smh
Same
Dumpster Fire Thornburg's ERA is now 8.53. He's pitched 12 Gs (all but one &lt;= 1.1 innings) allowing 1+
Provin once again NYT/WaPo LIE about Barr as crybaby Mueller complains about media NOT Barr
i'm so dead inside but i feel happy also and i'm like why
Dm me
It may be gloomy outside but my mood sure isn't. Ive been feeling very mentally drained the last couple of days.
"Why is Barr doing this?" It's really not that hard. Same as others who served
Hi Jason! Why you so cute? Do you know how many times I cummed to you sucking me off? His set is available for
Same here still nowt from anyone, emailed the address above too. Think I'll need to go to shop..
Resident people has blocked roads protesting against the FC LEA,s They saving it's 4th time in same Tehsil such acts seen
Can I add my name to the list of people who are tired of this dead horse whipping???!!!
Mood
In 1995, there was often seen a
"But the PM is too entombed in her mental bunker, too mummified in layer
[DM room] Me: Hey guys! HotMom: Hey Kate! My brain: Ok you have to say hey back but what is her real name? She's
literally cannot stand those blue haired smol bean steven universe bitches who think saying theyre gay every 5
Pleased to announce that Dr. Patricia A. D'Amore—our Vice Chair for Basic and Translational Research—will serve as a 2019
Same Diego can wanted to leave and constantly disrespected the club. Same Diego that is a
I love EU
SLOW &amp; STEADY , FAM !!!!!! $UCSO WILL GO GREEEEEEEEN EVERYDAY !!!!!! TARGET PRICE IS $.50+ WITHIN 45 DAYS !!!!!!!
Too lewd smh
Calm
McManaman: "The fans here are so protective of Messi. You're not allowed to foul him. To kick him" No, you're are not,
Dm me !!
mood
I love you 3000
Hello, this woman has gone missing in Lebanon (she lives in Maamoura). If someone knows anything about her or spots
Thanks Jonathan, I have DM you.
yall my friend dante has 0 chill. he got caughtt sucking dick in the bathroom TWICE. he is currently trying super
Draymond had LeBron eyes looking like that too. Nigga dead ass be digging in his butt before games
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
Quick shout out to all the LibDems attacking my "strategic voting guide" for the upcoming EUROPEAN elections: it's
Thank you for that, Sam. Could you DM me, via the link below, your Nectar card number, full name and
Just wanna be lazy laid up, high af, eating good food all day
This, my friends, is called POPULAR SUPPORT. This, my friends, is NOT a coup. This is the beginning of the end of the
Same. I am so very prolife. This kind of crap makes it hard. Very hard.
Talk and do. Can't say same for the players at my club.
hrrrnnggh Soundwave, I'm trying to catch the meddling humans but I'm dummy thicc and the clap from my trigger crotch
Do you know that account has been suspended yet again. For what? For speaking the truth. For not
Same. I don't know who Etika is or what's going on, I'm starved and need someone to feed me.
need someone in south korea to say fuck it and allow stray kids, ateez, loona, itzy, nct, the boyz, everglow, txt to
Mood:
me n all my friends do makeup so it's funny cause we let everybody pop they shit. then when we get to popping
i will pay some1 in eternal love and gratitude to bring me food, end my life, and finish this highlight in that order dm for inquiries
mood
That's the same prick who threw the aul lad in as well
Iove LFC, Milner and Gomez are awesome but why are they on the field. Gomez has only just came bac.
What a hypocrite: While Trump demonizes immigrants, his New York country club exploits undocumented workers and steals
Oh definitely a dead one
You don't have
I'm finna relocate lol sick of these hoes
same
SB: Entering the final inning, LHU still leads Ship, 4-2
Thank you to all the fans around the world for being part of our universe. We love you 3000. #AvengersEndgame
Me sitting at home hungry af thinking bout that one time 6 years ago I stupidly didn't finish my meal
LMAO IM DEAD
someone said this looks like johnny and doyoung at the same time and i sjdhhdhdjssj
can we discuss how they're fighting with TWO HALVES OF NED STARKS SWORD TO DEFEND FUCKING WINTERFELL I'M DEAD
Bruh I spent like $500 on my hair within a month and some change. I'm finna cut my shit into a fade and be a
same tbhhhh
omg i wish i could do that but my back would break in two
Good afternoon, thank you for taking the time to reach out today &amp; for your patience. I
is such a mood. You can't change my mind
Has Barr been asked under oath if he's read the entire text of the Mueller report? He can't answer basic questions
On Yom HaShoah we remember the six million Jews killed in the Holocaust. I've lit a candle for Gyorgy Farkas who died
I ordered this same beautiful print online and gave it as a present last year. I kept it's
Tag a DB who tackles like this smh
And technically Scarlett Witch was bout to end fool if it wasn't for his ship lol
On Yom HaShoah we remember the six million Jews killed in the Holocaust. I've lit a candle for Gyorgy Farkas who died
Same, same!
What a hypocrite: While Trump demonizes immigrants, his New York country club exploits undocumented workers and steals
betty covering up a murder was bad, but what the hell was she supposed to do? leaving her mom alone? "haha okay mom,
Transwomen are men. Transmen are women. Same-sex relationships matter. Gay men fancy men. Lesbians fancy women. Men
Still think it would've been the same because it wasn't ‘the hood'...just one person. (word to those who helped me realize this)
Like a boss.....
y'all I told this girl her mans was cheating cause girl code &amp; he is dead ass threatening me &amp; harassing me
It's only May but I'm in a Halloween mood?? Not complaining just confused
How racist do you have to be to think these are fire
I bet you'd Chelsea or West Ham fans too, but your just a hypocrite
Hi fam!Let's fight against child abandonment please!Cuz i never knew mine and mum died young cuz of HIV, My
Neither had but I bet you have no praise for her. And why
In-stock! Blue SlideKing SS Stand Up Steel. 4 Foot Pedals. Test drives by Jake Clayton and Zane King. $2200 ready
Tonight we uncover the new build houses that have potentially dangerous fire safety issues. You can see the full
I'm clapping loud af when she done
But they won't stay away smh
TBH Liverpool isnt doing too badly... 2 weeks Ago at the Battle of Camp Nou... The Dothrakis of England
.@trixiemattel makes a cameo in "Started" video and nothing will ever be the same again:
Wendy's owner is a big Trump donor who refuses to pay an extra penny per pound of tomatoes so that farm laborers can
I know some ladies won't believe this,there are some men that can't cheat even if another lady undresses herself
tbh i only crave cereal at night
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
Bad news. The county's emergency text alert system wasn't exactly helpful today as a fire raged with smoke that
Well I also used a Mac shimmer setting spray and if you want I will DM you the video I made once I
tik tok is so funny tbh
mood
Charlotte, NC Baltimore, MD West Chester Township, OH Birmingham, AL Nashville, TN Jackson Jackson, MI Poway, CA
mood
All at are very proud of Upper 6th student James Degg who has been included in an extended
bts has landed in america safely, the way the air has now became extra crispy and fresh.. LETS FUCKING GET IT
Goals for home today: -reinstall csp -reinstall cintiq -reinsrall obs -reatingstall anbtsvurus -nfeijsleep
We really all lived the same childhood in different houses
I hand made a bunch of boob pots - if you'd like one they are listed on my Etsy shop!! Link in bio. If you want a
If I say "I love you 3000" to my mcm and he doesn't get the reference, the relationship is ending
Bro ima be real idc about an opinion from a nigga who beard grow in patchy asf ur a JOKE and
The same man has been seen in another video being racist towards an elderly Asian man, who's also been pushed in a
Whatever any kpop artist realease it will never be revultionary bc it's not actually a real genre of music just
Wet and lit , let's Stay lit in May , I am
Gooood Afternoon Boy's and Girl's!! It's #TittyTuesday! Thank you for sharing your pictures with me fellow #Nurses!
y'all gon stop acting like fire signs aren't elite by default like we're the influence
New pics from #GameofThrones S8 E4 shows the North burning the dead and getting ready for war with #Cersei
mi just grab it out tbh , mi nuh ramp
Fire roasted grilled strawberries are the perfect way to celebrate another day closer to summer!
percy pigs: we removed the gelatine so everyone can eat them :) they taste the same don't worry gelatine is flavourless
Keep in mind that this trainwreck of a movie is made by the same studio behind Snow White, The Lion King, and Zootopia
15 days left, can't wait to hear this! You already know Nipsey about to drop so many fire gems on this verse!!
It's AAPI Heritage Month &amp; I'm proud to celebrate our diversity. The "model minority" myth suggests all of us are the
^^ Bruh the Devil works hard but twitter works harder. I hope y'all find justice.
so wayv comeback and nct 127 comeback in the same month. NCTZENS STAY WINNING
Make sure you check out london2orlando super dope clothing line! Stay tuned for more #mensfashion #fashion
Kamala Harris: "This Attorney General lacks all credibility and has, I think, compromised the American public's ability
I hope this story will help inspire others to make changes in their lives as well! I am here to offer support and encourage
No one mentioned me either, truly dark times smh
It's crazy how a single text can change your whole mood
AS IF ALMOST ON DEMS &amp; RINOS START SINGING THE SAME TUNE! via
Shots fired.
Guys say they are not obliged to give their girlfriends money because they're not their fathers. But these same guys want
....then she nailed him by giving him various words that mean the same thing.
Is Steven aware that men aren't being similarly tested
No. Increased supply is needed in some high-cost cities, through better zoning/land use policies, but it won't end
The worst type of pal. My pals wanty go back way the same shitty guy 100x over al be there to pick the pieces up every
Bet. Not sure where or what that might be but bet
That shit is fire wdym
Watch out for his answer carefully - He says "foreign intelligence" meaning if a foreign
Left out the dead soldiers that asked for help.
Possibly the most wholesome content on Twitter today. #SesameStreet #PublicMedia
I love you - English Je t'aime - French Te amo - Spanish Aishiteru - Japanese Saranghae - Korean Ti amo - Italian Se
Same! like it was a dream or something
We're in the commuter belt, which means property prices are the same as Central London
This is how we win! brought them to their knees and woke them up! So proud to be a rebel &amp; call these guys my
Clearly Barr hasn't read the whole #MuellerReport which explains why he's so resistant to allowing House Judiciary
Guys my glow up is real AF
if my teammates int, they're brain dead chimpanzees
Racist teachers and heads of school all had the same micro aggression handbook.
It's an extreme sport always coming up with new fits with the same clothes

iTunes US: #79 #BTS - Boy With Luv feat. Halsey #156 #BLACKPINK - Kill This Love #323 #TWICE - FANCY #561 BLACKPINK -
They legit treat every non arab the same way, they even look down on some arab countries they consider to be less
This show reminds me of Drop Dead Diva &amp; I love Kristen Bell! I never even heard about this - thanks for the suggestion!
Been reading this since i woke up lmao it's so damn good
tammys cainposting has been like half of my tls mood since legfes started
Hi! We continuously strive to provide you the best network. Kindly DM us your number and we will
I bet none of my three followers noticed I wrote signing instead of singing in my last tweet... #ItsGonnaBeMay #ineedahobby
Fucking dope as fuck!!
wow no class smh
For Corbyn to praise a book packed full of antisemitic conspiracies - the very same conspiracies directed at me - is
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
Great looking/running games absolutely deserve more credit. Apex is in a natural
I love you - English Je t'aime - French Te amo - Spanish Aishiteru - Japanese Saranghae - Korean Ti amo - Italian Se
Beden is the best bet to beat Bernie. Neither one stands a hope in Hell against
Why No Public Outrage? Why Media Silent? Why Gadchiroli not important for a day even but Pulwama is for months? Because
Steve McNamara has called for international rescue as his UK-based squad is decimated by injuries and concussions...
BLOWOUTJobs Report Says Private Payrolls Skyrocketed by 275,000 in April vs 185,000 Predicted; DEMS &amp; MSM Obsessed with Dead
mood
New Adventure of the Week: "How to Play a Sahuagin like a Sea Devil," by A DM can make
Does not matter if it took 400+ pages or 4 pages. The conclusion is the same. Simply put in two words. NOT QUILTY.
Just said the same thing. Daft to say so early but next goal wins the semi for me....
Same
I've been to a few for electronic shows, it's lit
endgame quotes!!! "whatever it takes" "i like this one" "america's ass" "i keep telling everybody they should move on,
I'm still voting for Justin Trudeau. I don't trust conservatives and in particular Andrew Scheer. Conservatives fire
I also hear voters reference the Kavanaugh hearing &amp; rapid fire questioning as to why they believe she
Literally only streamed for an hour , this game is boring when u play alone , going to sleep smh
i love you 3000
are all three of the jonas brothers going to be sitting on the same chair
[endgame spoilers] - - - when thor is explaining where to get the reality stone and ends up talking about his love life,
Basic hoe
I promise you somebody took that same situation you're in rn and bodied it. Find a solution
another white man went on a shooting rampage &amp; there's footage of him laughing while being taken into custody
Has Barr been asked under oath if he's read the entire text of the Mueller report? He can't answer basic questions
Meanwhile, we can't even get a text back.
If you are beautiful curvy girl in Port Harcourt and is interested in ushering in an event on Friday, please DM.
chuds arguing about the current hottest irl celebrities Vs The Squad, debating which one of their anime wives showers
Arya Stark!!!!!
this Traeger caught fire. It was so hot it melted the metal.
Bunch of hateful words, generalizing an entire Legit Political Party of Canada, then he adds the NDP to smear
Dynasty startup question- What are some rules/ scoring settings/ etc that you either DO or definitely DO NOT
same energy
Which is great cus the 3 of us are able to now . Predators will take all aged kids not just little one in elementary school. Stay safe fam
What a hypocrite: While Trump demonizes immigrants, his New York country club exploits undocumented workers and steals
give her the boot
Dope or naw?
Well done you have just dished out THE most basic reply to that
R6TMs with the squad
Lol the antichrist thirsty now
i'm gonna love and hate the outcome of this sm at the same time
Kiss Me When I'm Dead. Dominic Piper. "An outstanding read." #CrimeFiction
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
Alberta has every right to process what they want. I think this week we will ship more crude? Maybe
dembele should have come on before semedo or both at the same time but nah. a full bk for one of the front 3.
First 100 to like AND retweet gets $1000.. I'm legit 24 hours giveaway #sugardaddy #sugarbaby
Teachers don't have basic resources they need while billionaires get massive tax breaks. That's a disgrace.
Everybody in Philly is Muslim, so I know this is fake news.
I promise you somebody took that same situation you're in rn and bodied it. Find a solution
You have a DM
A hungry irritated female is a demon bruh.
My toxic trait? I automatically stop trying when I feel unwanted. I won't reach out to you if it's not mutual or not getting
What does "I love you 3000" mean
Dead silence from and other socialists about Venezuela. What! No lectures about how they need to start recycling?
Seems Trump puppet Ben the brain doctor thinks his sign will protect from the stark reality that those who call
24 games 11 goals 3 assists Directly involved in 14 goals.
Along with something chill
Ryan Destiny - The Same [Official Music Video] #RyanDestiny #TheSame
My summary for today, you can't learn and be right at the same time, 1 has to give way.
Same
Allied is looking to pick up a team for the SMITE competitive scene. Like, follow, and DM is for us to join the
hrrrnnggh Soundwave, I'm trying to catch the meddling humans but I'm dummy thicc and the clap from my trigger crotch
GK: Ryan, Kuszczak, Stockdale DEF: Dunk, Duffy, Bruno, Calderon, Upson, Bridge, Ward, El-Abd MID: Vicente,
doing a shawn mendes giveaway for #ificanthaveyou cause i'm soft rn - 1 mini vinyl of the single (color 1) - rt this!
dreamed that i'd completed major fraud and tax evasions with kirby. woke up and remembered i wasn't supposed to tell you
when my mutuals dm me asking if they want to be friends
Well said ....
RT if you have this same plate in your house.
Hubby and I paid £25 to be registered supporters along with thousands of others. Plus we have donated separately and will
even if it's just you making another pasta or bread dish or toast oof
That's my birthdayyyyy yeet
BREAKING: Elizabeth Warren Has just called on William Barr to resign and for Congress to begin impeachment proceedings
in a super duper terrible bad mood..
i have a box of poetry books i can't fit anywhere, even after culling. arrrgghhhh #bookaddict
Hello apologies for the inconvenience. Kindly provide your account number, amount and date of
If a major report by eminent economists found that #Venezuela suffering and thousands of deaths were caused by Maduro's
What a hypocrite: While Trump demonizes immigrants, his New York country club exploits undocumented workers and steals
Same. What a powerhouse.
&gt;&gt;your full KYC to use the wallet services. Kindly refer DM for more information. Thanks.&lt;&lt;
Same goes for when the next foreign gov't attacks our election process because they think the
Opened Abandoned Vehicles request via web at 108 Sagamore St Oceanview Parked in same
Dm me
Beyond you ? Lmao you sound like you finna be 80
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
Handy little collage we made for our latest video. Go support these peeps! #leftist #leftism
If it makes you feel better I pretty much don't give a shit and am not strict at all. My class is
Bro they are. I barely look at them. When i see i got a new one i dread to even click it nbs
bruh fuck u mean they look better than u
What a mood right now.
It is only a matter of time before the bandits Start attacking trains also just to waste lives if they can't
Yikes
Me: don't judge people for the way they use social media, social media isn't actually important, it's subjective
What- oof thats weird- let me see in a sec--
Mood:
Meanwhile far too many pensioners can't even afford to visit the dentist
so lemme get this straight: all in the same day bucky is tasked to not only fight but to fight aliens (!!!), talks to a
Sometimes a meddling village can change your The Fire House on Honeysuckle Street by is out now!
Listen to me. I can wholeheartedly say I have never ever sexually violated/raped a woman. Can you say the same?
Going to start calling this bitch Jack in the Box, because she be popping in to everyone's conversation.
getting caught in the middle of heavy rain is very cool haha i am so fuckin' WET oh yeah lol
Celebrities trying to get woke&lt;&lt;&lt; celebrities giving attention to ppl that are actually for causes
The is taking us back to the dark days from 80 years ago.
Did you see Kamala Harris roast his ass?
Lammy what a jammy dodger you are , running from your peeps because they want to call you out for being a big
May 8 is the next challenge 14 day who's with me. #getfit #loseweight #goals
bad habit of put "hahaha" on the end of everything even if it's not funny, having a shite hahaha, got sacked from
South Carolina Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham accused the media of trying to label President Trump as "some kind
#Artists If you need Interviews Mixtape Single Video #Promo Music distribution YEARLY PROMOTION DM US
mood
How I feel about my friends in Dallas they were paid af!
Ur 2 cool 2 be my friend tbh
What I am obsessed with is getting better. Always finding a way to do more. demands 110% from himself and of me
mood
Mood.
this is the WORST possible decision that Psyonix could have possibly made ever. another classic case of
That is not the experience that I would expect. Please DM me so I can dig further into this for
hmu to see more ;) RT for a gift in your dm's #premiumsnapchat #nudes #sellingnudes #nudesforsale #premiumsnap
A f*k'ing Muslim saying to us that: "This is not going to be the country of white people" Are you all just going to
YASS QUEEN! #TrumpIsAFuckingIdiot
Tough shit. Leave our country.
Same reason you have been claiming that there was no Russian interference to begin with...
me bumping the same song I've listened to about 456 times already
i can't sleep this is terrible. not even after using that scented heated eye pad. sigh. im tossing around so
No matter where they work or what they do, women are paid less than men for the same work. On #LabourDay we call for
Man so it's gonna be lit huh?
The official YouTube app will be back on the Firestick soon now that Google and
Idk who need to hear this but if they're not giving you the same energy move on.
Ok that's enough adulting for the day.
There is no place in America where a full-time worker making the $7.25 federal minimum wage can afford the basic
You don't know what you're saying. God is a consuming fire. When he judges the wicked, he throws them in hell for
Heartbreaking RIP HULK we all failed you
I am sorry Mr. AG Barr, telling someone to go remove someone and telling someone to go fire someone IS THE SAME THING!!
Disrespecting Tucker Carlson is not the same as disrespecting Conservatives. I know
Squirt or wet? Which do you prefer?
McManaman: "The fans here are so protective of Messi. You're not allowed to foul him. To kick him" No, you're are not,
freshman year vs. senior year
Dead silence from and other socialists about Venezuela. What! No lectures about how they need to start recycling?
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
Jungkook eating throughout the whole interview. MOOD. #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
Young girls our age are just dumb they want thugs , or they all want the same type
Sounds like they found smoke/fire of some sort near the property. Hearing talk of homeless setting fire to
I really don't understand why everybody is surprised or concerned with the record here. We knew
#BBMAsTopSocial BTS Bruh seriously what the heck was that? Half paper or double scissors? Even he himself
this jisung with this chenle except this was the same day so literally this jisung with this chenle
Spoilers continue: Like don't get me wrong I still cried my eye balls out during Tonys death (only other scene I
If I seem to be pa-woke, I offer no apologies. The media should recognize that there were lines crossed by these
Picture this: it's 2019, you're in a relationship where you both have admiration and respect for each other. You like each
The entire screentime of Marvel Cinematic Universe is 3000 minutes. I love you, 3000.
smh cancer men jane fAre tjeter foreal
Taking commissions rn! My rates are usually from $90-$300 (simple flat color pieces starting at $90, further
Y'all ever have an angry dream about someone and be like wth BRUH chill
#WblWagon Follow &amp; RT. DM 4 Ride
scared af
your Tweet was quoted in an article by
Sorry RaNaDeFa is not online now,leave a DM or Mention they will reply it later~ #bot
What a hypocrite: While Trump demonizes immigrants, his New York country club exploits undocumented workers and steals
Rep. Ilhan Omar asserted "This is not going to be the country of white people" during a rally in DC yesterday.
Thanks to everybody who joined us campaigning today, we're doing it all again tomorrow across Bury North. DM for
I refuse to let Robyn go thru the same thing as me .
yes, its symbolic, and yes, the current Gov is on track to miss its next carbon budget targets (let alone anything
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
Time to RT this. You know, 99.999% of y'all are wonderful. But then... for the other ones, take a lesson from the
As events have shown, both men were correct.
Same thing happened when Clinton was impeached. There was evidence had had committed rape but Dems refused to go
Hi lol dm me or i ll kill u son
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
250K Kurds dead since 100 years of Turkish oppression policies. 15 Kurdish political prisoners declared #DeathFast to end
Man said a "nerd fest" thats acc the most wet thing ive seen you say pattern up lmao
Americans in USL players that are producing well: - Kai Koreniuk, 21: 4 goals and 2 assists for Los Dos - Eryk
Mood mostly .
well technically i got scammed. my boss said there will be 2 ppl work at the same time but then she
It is amazing to me how stupid you think all Americans are. Your base eats it up....but the rest of
Tonight with my 6yr old little girl, we lit this #YellowCandle for Alik Raiz age 8 who died as one of 6m jews murdered
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
I loosely followed this recipe, letting a fairly wet dough rise over night, then just adding
Tragic.
if u post blank screens on ur snap story saying "don't HMU" pls unadd me
People are stupid oh. Someone dm'd me for the sandals I posted next thing they are sending me dick picture.
I love Lizzo's music &amp; her message, and I'm so happy to see her success in the music industry &amp; beyond. But I hope
I bet she a Spotify&gt; Apple music type of person
"Wear something casual, nothing too extra" me:
perspective ain't an excuse fam..some shit just ain't acceptable.
Please do as it's in almost every state it's a part of the department policy and common courtesy to
Mood
McManaman: "The fans here are so protective of Messi. You're not allowed to foul him. To kick him" No, you're are not,
Arm the teachers, jesus. Maybe ban guns rather than trying
YAAAALLLLLLL!!!!! RT TO BE ADDED TO THE NEW LIT GC "TRAP HOUSE ANTHEM"!!!!!!!! Must be : Following me Following
Saudi Arabia has since designated the Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist organization, as have Bahrain, Egypt, Russia,
Do you ever feel ok but you're empty at the same time &amp; you just want to talk to someone but you feel annoying so you
I WANT #TONYABBOTT GONE have no doubt, but Forgive me if I am sceptical about #ZaliSteggall, when she is backed by Rich
Say something cute smh — You're cute
I am one of the minorities but DO NOT EVER PUT ME IN THE SAME GROUP AS YOU ARE. You are a hater; NOT AN
Wouldn't it be great for a Peterborough by election to fire the starting gun on a new way for UK politics. Perfect
Even five year olds know it is not okay to lie. Barr can't make himself say lying is wrong. I wish the GOP would stand up
dope video and big up to for recognizing local talent...Big up
As I said this morning on I think guys like Barr have convinced themselves that saving Trump and the GOP
RT if you are loving AG Barr teach basic law to political Democrats who hate Trump more than they love America
Republican lawmakers push Trump to scrap U.S. ship waiver plan for gas
this has to be for the deluxe version i would bet but
RT if you are loving AG Barr teach basic law to political Democrats who hate Trump more than they love America
Did he pick you yet sis?
In honor of #MayDay, this is a thread for horrible-boss stories. Fire away!
Man robs Dairy Queen. Unsuccessfully attempts to carjack woman in drive thru. Returns the same day and robs Dairy
Lindsey Graham is on fire..and drops an F-bomb in chamber.. I'm telling ya'll the left better be lawyered up.
You saw her dancing to that yo gotti dm song a few years back? Ever since then I needed it
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
RT if you are loving AG Barr teach basic law to political Democrats who hate Trump more than they love America
Pretty sure this won't be featured on Fox News: connecting antisemitism and Islamophobia, and calling for
Right!? It's almost as if they planned it that way.
Thank you. Every Democrat should all be stating the same right now.
No Holds Barred: 2020 Candidates Demand Resignation As Dems Spew Fire And Brimstone During Dramatic Hearing | Zero Hedge
When you tell bae you not hungry because secretly you only have $10 left and you want to see her smile so you spend it
When the Night King walked up to Bran, with the other White Walkers and the Army of the Dead standing around him, it
What the Fuck. So you have four punks and a dont for get to coward
Mvala 25 games 8 goals 0 assists
I has been in constant state in between popping off and just keeping quiet.
Pulwama attack happened on 14th feb 2019 by Jaish-e-Mohammed, 300 JEM terrorists killed, Handler and mastermind of
we went to the same place
#DerangedDonald has the same answer to Russian election interference. He and Putin are gonna
isn't really diff tbh
ptg isn't coming to europe... oof i can save some mONEY
cap is THICC
Oof my parents won't be home tonight which means I can scream the fanchants, cry over my boys and just let my
sirji yourself and modi gave so many jumalas in 2014, people got fooled by those jumalas n gave you majority,
Tense moments of rescue as the intensive attacks continue in Southern #Idlib and northern #Hama. The White Helmets
Anyone got any resources for the mathematics of football above and beyond some basic stats? Feel like it's my
Yesterday we met our #privacy friends from at the in #Berlin. We had a long and insightful talk about
Mood:
Now that QB Luke Falk has been released, that means that #Falkitup is dead. Give me some good # for New QB Josh
Special Referee Ken Shamrock checks for a submission as Bret Hart breaks out the ringpost figure-four on Steve
I've followed u on YouTube twitter Snapchat #brofoe and #bae but I've still never won the iPhone
idk bruh last year's lineup was buns and miami's was god
THREAD: WOMEN WHO ARE PROUD TO SUPPORT TRANS RIGHTS I asked women to contribute their pic to a collage of trans rights
I hate that feeling when you know shit changing and it won't ever be the same.
some of u get so offended when people criticise the appearance of your fave (and rightly so) but then think it's
Four different people came up to me asking how I'm going to study for this upper div econ midterm. I told them
It's Towards His Development Fam Lol
Lol stick to pizza
Y'all still smoking hookah and denying the fact that you just went through a 24 pack of kiwi Marlboro's just
Pakistani security forces have abducted a number of women along with their children in a raid conducted in Rabbi area of
Yikes
Good morning fuckers. Woke up like this. #hell
mood
You're fine !! It happens, and I can see how it can be stressing. Id be sad if my Kyo looked like an
Live with a new main and I'm button mashing AF
dm me
But they also referenced that winters come w out the night king. Winter is still here Just not the
I don't have a #YellowCandle but I've lit these instead tonight to honour the souls of the husband and son (aged 2)
Lmaoooo bruh when Cersei blew up the septon or however you spell it, I was honestly so shook and scared
tw || somnophilia Okay honestly having Sir start touching me as I'm sleeping, gently kissing, moving me closer, taking
This is how we win! brought them to their knees and woke them up! So proud to be a rebel &amp; call these guys my
This is a campaign of ideas—and you bet I have a lot of them. It's about identifying what's broken and how we're going to
Live! Playing fortnite! Having a good time after work! Come chill and watch us try and get dubs!
Lol. The chief lawyer of the Federal Government of the United States, head of the
I'm hiring but you MUSTTTTT read the entire post and have used *ALL* of those tools before DM'ing me. Please do
BIG SAME ugh
hey, that's me!
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
Oh yass I wuv the cuddles
What about the fire women? Fire fighters is the correct term!
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
dating me is like when you find out the song you've skipped for the past week is actually fire.
Need remake your logo? Order here
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
The thing is and as disgusting disturbing as it is it's a fetish ... she has a whole black
When you're under oath, Under fire ,and Kamala's colleague and staff knows you're fucked based on her go for the
The fire fighters union bosses are endorsing a failure.
THAT BITCH
Lammy is right about how bad the Tories are, the problem is the opposition is even worse. A Labour leader who's a
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
I would have done the same thing.
24/7 but am i finna stfu ? nah
my mood board. I tag people who like this
Did you expect anything different from a Democrat?
I gained weight!!!! Finally a size 0 to 1 for the first time in my life AND I weigh the most I've ever weighed (107 lb)
I'm dead ass got some songs tho
Mueller is pissed because the summary didn't include the generalized mood of his report. Well, tough. It's not the job of
"Terf is just an acronym!" spouted by the Left to deny the rise in misogyny is as politically disingenuous as "Muslim
How you get pregnant by the same man twice after digging him out on the book of faces &amp; still doing so after
happy birthday to a book that makes me cry and smile at the same time. that makes me feel less alone and
Bruh!!! Y'all don't even think twice before putting something that a random person gives you in your mouths????
We really all lived the same childhood in different houses
when a male character is confident, they're praised as "cool", "badass", "inspiring" and "witty" but when a female shows
mood
Las Vegas peeps! If you don't have plans tonight and wanna see my friend host the Billboard Music
absolutely incredible anyone can type this shit without bursting into a puff of smoke and flying away to hang upside
Anti American Ilhan Omar: "This is not going to be the country for white people." This is blatant anti white
Same lmao
Really need to zero in on this more. Did he read all of report? Over how much time? Did he rely on extra-report
Bruh i can't even walk to the store in my mind lol. I feel beat.
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
sansa: you were better to me than the other men who abused me men:
There aren't many ones tho. You have that one, not David Bowie(my favorite) and the
damn can't even rely on oomfs i gotta do this all by myself.
bet bet // nuest issa bop
U ever paying attention in class and still be completely lost bc same
I'm in love.
They got them Sag dead ass right
He's not confused about the facts Or anything else He's stunned at the stunningly dense "questions" the Dems keep
Ideally Higgins loses in the final again; but I doubt I'd be able to watch if he gets there as I
I promise you somebody took that same situation you're in rn and bodied it. Find a solution
Yall want me at school on time or y'all want me there everyday? Cant get both smh
#selfcare is not selfish it is necessary. Focus on you! • • #selfcare #selflove #focus
Michael's fucking mom confirmed he was uncircumcised! There are court
Las Vegas peeps! If you don't have plans tonight and wanna see my friend host the Billboard Music
And if those cities were asking for volunteers, I would say the same thing. I don't see how asking
The purpose of Russia Today is to make sure you have no idea what's actually happening in Russia today. Specifically
If you're really THAT upset about #womenrights in #SaudiArabia I dare you to cancel your #WWEnetwork I bet you won't though.
Yo trust me I'm tempted af but I really need to stick out the 1 year at this job or else this past
Hi #railsconf! My company sponsored this beautiful charging station in the exhibit hall. If you've been at
Albert Einstein is widely credited with saying, "The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over
But what I would want is to have the zyuohgers as a branch of beast morpher Rangers
Bruh I see those same damn trucks
tbh to me good in bed means you do anything to please her and you
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
You must be joking. Honestly.
Hey I don't wanna be a whale can we fix that .. abeg
never be the same
Nah,that one is even better...you will have a Spanish Stoke Team

I'M DECEASED DEAD BURIED IN MY GRAVE THIS IS MY SPIRIT TYPING OUT THIS TWEET SOMEONE SEND MONEY TO MY MOTHER FOR
What a hypocrite: While Trump demonizes immigrants, his New York country club exploits undocumented workers and steals
Yer too nice to be a gamer tbh
Same here janab.
Do you want to see more? RT and #snapme SAMA_HOT #xvideos #californai #bigass #wet #nsfw #ebony #sexy #daddykink
I just entered to win a Fire 7 Kids Edition Tablet + $100 PayPal Cash. I thought you might like to enter too.
Same lmao I googled "Patriots #56" like a pleb and Tippett is the only one that pops up
So the liar ex-con Fiona Onasanya has been forced to stand down by her constituents in Peterborough. The
me bumping the same song I've listened to about 456 times already
Marcus, We in NI biz have invited this new body to meet same as we did to the Malthouse group &amp; to the Alternative
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
are all three of the jonas brothers going to be sitting on the same chair
Lmfaoooo nah I dead want a baby chain, fuck them kids
Correction: not the same heart tree apparently. But a heart tree all the same where the original First Man was turned
When the motivation misses Mood is going down also.. Rotterdam, Netherlands
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
Unbelievable. #Barr is saying that the fact that President Trump didn't like the investigation was a legitimate ground
Kevin McCarthy Venezuela used to be the jewel of Latin America. Then what happened? The government
2 - are the second team in the history to score 500+ goals in the competition, after Real
I won a party at RWB this friday! But I need 12 people to get free drinks, I only have 3 friends,... soo if you
A by-election for the Peterborough constituency has been triggered. 19,261 constituents have signed the petition
Wait a minute. I own a bright yellow rain coat. Does that count. lol. I do not
Mood
New pics from #GameofThrones S8 E4 shows the North burning the dead and getting ready for war with #Cersei
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
Productive day with working on a rewrite of the Fire Safety National Operational Standards as part of
Tbh I don't know how I'll be able to be graceful if E*o wins after the torment that *ggs
I would love to see a discussion fo why the American media gave 1000x more coverage to an Ebola outbreak in Africa in
Fmr. CIA Director John Brennan: "I'm still waiting for those Republicans to realize that the ‘Trump ship' is a sinking one,
small doses with Amanda sealed and pretty basic
SEOKJIN SAID I LOVE YOU 3000 N HOSEOK STARTED SNAPPING HOS FINGERS WHERE MY MARVEL ARMY STANS AT
Bill Barr helped end the Iran-Contra investigation... not because he thought it was unjust but because it
Planning a trip to 6th street with the squad
Dicky Durbin tried to get cute with Barr -- Barr slapped him down. Barr is pissed now. Durbin woke the dragon.
That is what they do when they can't make a stand for truth, they create lies and chaos to try to sneak
He got no chill
William Barr is exactly the kind of Republican that Democrats say they respect. Yet when he doesn't do exactly what
jennifer chill
With May's deal dead, "it's a customs union or a second referendum, and we are not having a second referendum," the
U Gucci then lol you came out on top
So this young man has been going through a whole lot and would appreciate your help to start a small business. Please
I'm in a good place ! Ready to conquer these goals of mine!
Saudi Arabia has since designated the Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist organization, as have Bahrain, Egypt, Russia,
What a hypocrite: While Trump demonizes immigrants, his New York country club exploits undocumented workers and steals
Can y'all stop quoting racist western stans and/or ssing and mentioning them and bringing them on the tl,,,, it's the
Same
I WANT IT
Same to you Thanks!
Use to be very popular in South African townships back in the day. I remember year 2000 I was mugged
"Wear something casual, nothing too extra" me:
Thanos should have snapped us all away when he has the chance smh
These people are scared of accountability.
Pulwama attack happened on 14th feb 2019 by Jaish-e-Mohammed and within 2 months : Army killed close to 300 JEM
I bet he's dressed in full army gear, with dangling grenades on his belt
you see ppl in clans grinding for evade , faze , etc . its the same thing lol
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
Stoners are literally the most chill people on earth
AAC during the first round was electric. Let's bring that same intensity to Game 4 tonight! Weather permitting, Party
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
My husband just said "Bae I have a confession. I feel like I'm cheating. After you take off your wig I be sleeping
Yea I seen him rise on Twitter, homie is dope!!
when my mutuals dm me asking if they want to be friends
Since the V404 Cygni black hole didn't follow the same rules as conventional blackholes, the ICRAR team has to combine 103
I'm trying to chill on my cursing, but stupid people are making that a very challenging task.
Same thing happened to me. Ugh
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
This really hits home for me. Part of my learning true solidarity within the black community was resisting the desire
Smh, middle finger
When you want to give up, look at back and then see how far you have climbed to reach your goals
Yeah, because that's exactly the same context, isn't it? You
0.05BTC --&gt; 20BTC We need Just a Week Join : $BTC $ETH $BNB $EOS $ONT $SAFEX $MAID
need someone in south korea to say fuck it and allow stray kids, ateez, loona, itzy, nct, the boyz, everglow, txt to
Who divorces his wife to marry his dead brothers wife???
Lol I love it
What the fuck are you talking about?
All the Petticoat Patrakars have been asked not to report this since MP is now a Congress ruled state.
DM the prompt We offer quality and non-plagiarized work
We'd have to get a vote on that one, #IRExit or #EIRxit If it goes along the same lines
I love jaime which is technically the same
mood
Sent that pic to my bro who is exterminator. His response: I've actually seen that with rats and
I literally TAPPED a car this morning in the school drop off line. Going approximately 5mph, &amp; no harm to her
Not every bigot is "secretly gay" lets dead that. People are just evil and ignorant
I'm live on Twitch! We're checking out the new Borderlands 3 Gameplay Reveal Event for the first
are all three of the jonas brothers going to be sitting on the same chair
I dreamed that I, My Melody, was being put to death and at the last minute I lost my stoicism and started
Absolutely loving episode 100, Gents. Nice work. Also, is there such a thing as a 'dead
What a hypocrite: While Trump demonizes immigrants, his New York country club exploits undocumented workers and steals
Alleged Antifa Plot for ‘Armed Conflict at the Border' Uncovered by FBI Don't we know who
me bumping the same song I've listened to about 456 times already
Wendy's owner is a big Trump donor who refuses to pay an extra penny per pound of tomatoes so that farm laborers can
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
bruh looks sexy AF eating that pussy
The last time there were "big changes" my station lost all of its fast direct trains. Despite the promise of "more
Now that we have a great AG ... President Trump needs to fire Mr. Potato Head Christopher Wray who's about as useful as ass
"He had a few things he wanted to do, so I thought I'd help him out." How pop superstar helped Richard
This is affecting me as well. I have absolutely no way to withdraw my money and I have not received a response. This
Obviously, what else is fire breath good for?
WOW! "If the president is being falsely accused, which the evidence now suggests the accusations against him were
Your squad goals!
also lil bbmas spoiler (not really) but y'all remember bts stages in america? like no decor and absolutely no flavor, it was
"Wear something casual, nothing too extra" me:
Eletiric cegerate u do the same but u put it away instead
Kaduna Kopa preferably female, with serious proficiency in spoken and written English willing to work as a pertime
Draymond had LeBron eyes looking like that too. Nigga dead ass be digging in his butt before games
I BET I COULD WIN IN A FIGHT
Really, even though he found the problems he needs to tackle, his stupidity can't be cured...
me bumping the same song I've listened to about 456 times already
"One fiddy with tax." 21 years ago today. Fire.
I guess DNC is still sending emails to MSNBC and CNN telling them what to focus on like they were
Those men mainly doing it to fuck women tbh. If not, they'd train more men.
guys, we NEED an extra show in brazil!!!!!! there's a massive fan base all over our country. it's so unfair with all of
Good morning fuckers. Woke up like this. #hell
What a hypocrite: While Trump demonizes immigrants, his New York country club exploits undocumented workers and steals
Right? I was 14/15-ish when most of it happened. Everything from calling me misogynistic slurs if i
RT if you are loving AG Barr teach basic law to political Democrats who hate Trump more than they love America
Man robs Dairy Queen. Unsuccessfully attempts to carjack woman in drive thru. Returns the same day and robs Dairy
on this #mayday let's all remember that strippers and other sex workers are still fighting for the most basic workers'
SEOKJIN SAID I LOVE YOU 3000 N HOSEOK STARTED SNAPPING HOS FINGERS WHERE MY MARVEL ARMY STANS AT
mood
Practice makes perfect. U.S. Marines with SPMAGTF-CR-AF rehearse, rehearse, and rehearse during crisis-response rehearsals
He look high af
Same
percy pigs: we removed the gelatine so everyone can eat them :) they taste the same don't worry gelatine is flavourless
Aaron Ramsey at Arsenal: 369 Games 64 Goals 65 Assists 3 Trophies 2 cup final winning goals Arsenal Player of the
Idk what college y'all go to my professors are extra af I cannot relate even in the slightest
it's easy to laugh at this talking about "basic communication" but you'll be shocked how many guys (and girls) do not ask
The hard truth is, your favourite activists are so loud, until it's something like rape, sexual rights and/or GBV.
They can make a pot roast out a honey bun
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
Wasn't the quality tbh. It was just poor lighting :p
With the exception of the suspicious Aug FBI text "the White House is running this," the suspicious Sept "POTUS wants to
I hand made a bunch of boob pots - if you'd like one they are listed on my Etsy shop!! Link in bio. If you want a
mood
Dm me I'm professional designer
tbh i feel like khalid n bts would rly have lots of fun working together so I hope it happens since the boys seem to want
Love Sen.Graham He speaks the truth and doesn't hold back.
Please pray for me &amp; my family. We are under such mess. May Allah protect me &amp; my family! Tbh I am real confused whether
This is the same police you tell women to take their rape case to, abi is there another one?
#bbmas and the live from mexico and the same time are u kidding me
Easy - just demonstrate and showcase how bloody amazing we are. let them watch us, join in with us, talk to
how can people hate doing practicals in science also i have way too much fun putting my hands through fire
same energy
mood
Same MO as your radical muslims use!
Henderson is on the same level as Lovren, as in making me anxious.
Where are you from? Can we be friends :) — I'm from Belgium! And yes ofc we can be! Dm me anytime uwu
That's what team talks are you know, not working out a way to get shots off. But just "score goals lads"
bruh how do i get writers block while writing an email
I like Ozy's taxonomy of the five basic types of relationship problems: 1. stupid problems 2. basic incompatibilities 3.
Nah Fr tho
How is this still happening in 2019?! New eyewitness footage shows piles of dead piglets &amp; mother pigs unable to turn around in
Sold! This vid is on fire! Up Close Hairy Pussy Fingering &amp; Moaning #MVSales #ManyVids
...i'm into it
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
BRUH
3. Carter knew there were billionaire Chinese businessmen encroaching on the Canal, one of them, Moctar Riady, befriended
Come out 2 open mic &amp; maybe I'll sing a song by the Dead MILKmen. &amp; no, still don't have
"You're funny af" "You're super nice wow"
$7 Million from the in 2016. Spare us
They're prob the same people that think shes a woman. Lol. They're sooo stupid!
Omg Same
The "fire" thing is also pretty damning. I mean it's in the report that Trump asked Christie what he thought
seriously ugh I AM SO SALTY lmao
Selena gomez and oprah winfrey in the same picture. That's it. THAT'S the mf tweet.
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
Disappointing lack of IWW flags marching down the streets today. No one even handing out flyers about the Triangle
Chilling with my self sad af help me please form boardum.
So besides all of the criminal activity surrounding the Clinton's &amp; the dead bodies, Hillary destroys 30,000
LOOK AT JIN'S REACTION WHEN JUNGKOOK GOT UP FROM THE FLOOR IN EXTRA WAY he was like,, "nah im too old for this shit"
They really are smh
Sorry for any inconvenience. In order to help you, could you send us your contact details by DM?
BREAKING: Elizabeth Warren Has just called on William Barr to resign and for Congress to begin impeachment proceedings
I'm going to be doing some account spring cleaning over the next few days. Odds are most of you are safe. If I
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
are all three of the jonas brothers going to be sitting on the same chair
can we discuss how they're fighting with TWO HALVES OF NED STARKS SWORD TO DEFEND FUCKING WINTERFELL I'M DEAD
Feds own a pipeline-Alberta owns the product which they can damn well sell:ship to
Yes, me staring at my ass is a mood
[dipping my feather quill into the inkwell and adjusting my spectacles] dearest diary, it seems the day is different but
im probably gonna watch it in the morning i have really long day ahead and i don't want to be completely done and
Translation: I'm speaking with my Russian back-line peeps on Twitter and they are telling me to say it's Obama's fault.
ok rt this to be in an ed gc cause all of mine are dead and im bored -no pro ana -be nice -must have ur dms open or be
mood
Welp *yeets outta de window* Jkjk I saw other peeps doing it so why not,, The movie is alright i suppose,,
You (and I can't stress this enough) are WEIRD AND EVIL AF if you kill animals for fun
Javais jeongin aussi mais jk is bae
Same
TBH Liverpool isnt doing too badly... 2 weeks Ago at the Battle of Camp Nou... The Dothrakis of England Manchester
I love you 3000
What grown man uses the word "snitty"? I bet his mama used that word with him.
ive been meaning to do a meet the artist since i cut my hair forever ago lmao hi im fire! i animate stuff and i love my
Today, the working class takes the streets around the country to celebrate its day and defend its goals, with a great
If you still want to play you need to DM the account or text one of the judges because we will be closing it shortly
same energy
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
Just say yikes and move on with your life
The bottom line: You can do whatever you want with your account, I don't care, that's why I
SAME GURL!!!!!!
Beden is the best bet to beat Bernie. Neither one stands a hope in Hell against
Dead again Society Eyo Satan be gone Bed of stone The one that never comes Grateful
jungkook calling twinkies "zombie movie bread" has the same energy as taehyung calling hair dyes "color changing soup"
These underwriters be fucking shit up all the time smh
Was happy and motivated all evening and now I've hit a wall, swear I can't maintain a positive mood
Since justified the arrest of those ladies, I want him to as well do same to the alleged sexual
Absolutely... and with the same logic, why not go after Boris Johnson, biographer of Churchill?
Socialism for us liddle peeps while big cat Ben
Tall bae.
it genuinely bothers me when all of my windows aren't all cracked down at the same height, we're not going
Graham and Barr are perfect avatars of the Republican Party writ large. Traveled the same road from partisan, but
Wish i could sing tbh
Enter our May Giveaway for a chance to WIN a Sterling Silver Ring! Comment with which ring you like best: Turquoise
#GilmoreGirls - RT couple for Lorelai&amp;Luke fans here -&gt;&gt;
Not a Jewish commemoration you won't hijack nor an anti-semite you won't support. What a complex little trot bastard
me bumping the same song I've listened to about 456 times already
Twitter..... a psychiatrists wet dream.
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
Same lol
The girls at ‘Guild of Service Balika Nilayam' under the guidance of Rajashree garu of ‘Gandipet Welfare Society', are
An helicopter carrying politicians crashed into a farm, the farmer buried them straightway. The rescue team then
RT if you are loving AG Barr teach basic law to political Democrats who hate Trump more than they love America
bnha au where everything's the same but bakugou says "rolling thunder" instead of "die"
No, but only because it has a long implementation timeline. It does, however, violate the fire
Me on holiday.
My mom better let me live my best life this summer smh
Hey have some shame. You are the same person who went to a Begusarai to supoort - the
my biggest pet peeve
mood for the rest of May:
I love you - English Je t'aime - French Te amo - Spanish Aishiteru - Japanese Saranghae - Korean Ti amo - Italian Se
DM me
Yikes
#Scandalous: #Polisario avoid to answer a journalist
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
You're about as intimidating as a wet napkin. Chill
Klobuchar asks, "Are the president's actions detailed in this report consistent with his oath of office?" Bill
Pussy must've been FIRE
Inplay.
As a woman who oversaw the NSW Budget &amp; chaired the Budget Committee of Cabinet — and left the Budget in surplus and my
How are you afraid of a big piece of poultry willingly giving you a reason to fire up the grill tonight?
Is it really dead/finals week if you don't have at least one quarter life crisis
Mood
The RNC is disgusting. Has anybody else gotten one of these? Tricking people into filling out a bogus "census" -and paying
POV: u walk into class and the same group of musical theatre kids are at it again
fun activity: listening to your fave's solo while looking at a pic of them that doesn't fit the mood of the song at all
Any follower goals coming up(Insta, Twitter, YouTube, Patreon)? — My largest personal goal that is somewhat close
So now Bill Barr too? Smh. Everybody who works with Trump eventually lies. And lies. And lies.
Like I'm completely biased but best meal in Albany, tbh.
i'm starting to believe y'all don't know what it means to be gay...
Sorry this is happening Edwin- I've seen a few people struggling because of friendly fire. I
Ppl are mad trash smh lmao
For people who want FPS increase I will be starting to answer dms so DM ME !!
Crazy you named the song after what im finna do if somebody ever play this around me
The good work that Milliman actuaries are doing at Franklin High in Seattle. I am so excited that we have this
I'm willing to bet a large majority of those 30k+ are cancelled already and it's an
HMU for graduation lei's and PROM corsages for the low!!
Penny Mordaunt said (wrongly) the UK had no veto over Turkey's EU membership. Not just once, but twice. She was
same shit here :(
tbh i feel like khalid n bts would rly have lots of fun working together so I hope it happens since the boys seem to want
Vacation/hotel sex is some of the reason ya still together ...it be lit lit
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
Join me to get new $XNK #cryptocurrency for free! Use code "CYKZJZ" for an extra 100 XNK. Just got this
When you're a senior who's on high school and college at the same time &gt;&gt;&gt;
Not even context helps tbh
Alcohol exposes my love. I always call Kunle and say "I'm tipsy baby. i love you". And I'm always extra lovey with my
Why No Public Outrage? Why Media Silent? Why Gadchiroli not important for a day even but Pulwama is for months? Because
Yes, #nhed no Summit is the same as the last and #GooglePD is ever evolving. Get the latest and greatest and mainly
Fantastic if true
Kill. I ain't even got no kids and I be trying
Chris Packham gets chilling letter warning: 'We want you dead, we will succeed' - Mirror Online #ecologicallyclueless
But I'll respond here, : 1. Rams won world championships in CLE, LA &amp; STL. 2. Rams didn't have a draft
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
I wonder if she would ever be willing to say this in a press briefing where, you know, people could ask follow-up
William Barr is exactly the kind of Republican that Democrats say they respect. Yet when he doesn't do exactly what
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
The hearing ends on a fitting note -- with Barr stonewalling 's effort to conduct basic oversight of his job
who's gonna buy this and ship it to england for me then?
sounds fake but ok
a mood
Well excuse us Moneybag Yo, but who in the hell finna willingly &amp; proudly pay $14 for a pack of skittles &amp; a small
mood: feeling sad while i listen to "Solo de Mi" of Bad Bunny
Somebody Tell Columbus Fans That It Takes 4 Wins To Advance In the Playoffs. And Somebody Tell Goalie Bob To Chill
Actually you're being too kind—The Judiciary has a higher percentage of idiots than the rest of society. Not even
Bro.....you sound so tough, yet so drama queenish at the same time!
same
END 1: Vierling grounds out to end it. Score remains the same. #Mizzou 3, #SEMO 1.
U ever paying attention in class and still be completely lost bc same
15. The amount of bilateral trade between China and Venezuela expanded about 24-fold from $742,417,000 in 2003 to
If you bae ...... you gotta seal these with a kiss so Ik it's real
Yeah that seems about right
Like a month ago a fucking bird woke me up at 7 for like two mornings straight
if Barr doesn't show up tomorrow he MUST be subpoenaed if he fails to honor that Subpoena he
So the liar ex-con Fiona Onasanya has been forced to stand down by her constituents in Peterborough. The
Need a last minute #mothersdaygift? Check out and take an extra 30% off using the code FRIEND #ad &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
#ExtinctionRebellion 's pressure has worked. - The UK has declared a climate emergency. Will Germany do the same? And
Nah fam you good, study hard and do that school thing you do, we'll be here when u get back
It's hard being a real nigga and a princess at the same time.
"Canada is further away from meeting its emissions reduction targets under the Paris agreement than it was a year ago,
Literally my mum would go through our whole fam (including my brother Nicholas) and Keesh (our
And am going to make same decision very soo
See? I wasn't bullshittin', bruh!
Me sitting at home hungry af thinking bout that one time 6 years ago I stupidly didn't finish my meal
Rep. Ilhan Omar asserted "This is not going to be the country of white people" during a rally in DC yesterday.
Yeah they were.... wild af
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
THIS MAN JUST SAID WHAT WE ALL FEEL. I LOVE THIS DESCRIPTION BECAUSE ANY REAL MEN KNOW ITS TRUE. BILL BARR IS A
I hand made a bunch of boob pots - if you'd like one they are listed on my Etsy shop!! Link in bio. If you want a
I'm the person that goes to sleep at 9:30PM and can barely wake up at 8AM the next morning and now my dead ass
you woke up to eat breakfast and saw these women waiting for you at the dining table, your last saved meme is your
Account for sale !! Account for sale !! 13.4k ffs for 15k Twitter HMU

this was a lit time on twitter
me at work
Why he walk off the same way captain america walks.
i can't even take a nap without taylor doing shit smh
If her testosterone levels gave her such an advantage she would hold the world record in female
U said you hope they bring a firing squad
Enjoy More Credit Now #wsj #nytimes #reuters #jimmyfallon #chicago #weed
Jesus Christ is the same yesterday and today and forever. HEBREWS 13-8
I will not stop loving with all my heart and putting myself out there, being down af for those I love. Someday the
"I love you 3000"
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
to all the people who started following me today: hello sweetlings, my name is nasti, i'm the human equivalent to
Wow was finna trip like this place looks hella familiar then noticed my whip and was like this my apt building lmaoo
RT if you are loving AG Barr teach basic law to political Democrats who hate Trump more than they love America
Extra spunk in my step today! As in, I haven't cum in 3 days
Tonight we lit #yellowcandle for two children aged 3 and 7 who perished in the holocaust. Remembering all who have

Hi is available in Ireland or do you ship to Ireland?
Big ol mood
The fact that damn near every person in the replies laughing is a non-black woman......
I thought you were bae, turns out you're just fam
Wet as she is, even your wife thinks his big black cock might be too big for her married white pussy and she's
Barr just admitted he did not look at the evidence in the Mueller report. Nor did Rosenstein. Nor did anyone in the
So, this tweet keeps being turned into a complaint against comps, and...it's not. I don't think comps are useless. I
Suga Focus Bet Yoongi has always been fluent in English. He just didn't know himself. Chill, smiley, swag, shy,
Rep. Ilhan Omar asserted "This is not going to be the country of white people" during a rally in DC yesterday.
Drum Gun fam
I will give someone $25 to go drink with me at Crockett's. Do not make me go alone bruh
Lindsey Graham, who once called Trump a "jackass" and a "kook" who would get absolutely pummeled in the general election,
same
a mood
He's the top Republican in the House. President Trump has referred to him as "my Kevin." And tomorrow, he
Man just say you wanna jack off to kids and go
Modi ji burning files is not going to save you. Your day of judgement is coming.
Nice attempt at a cover but the one blocking people is always the one triggered.
Any one seen #Messi ? He's gone missing in this second half . I bet he pops up and scores now I've tweeted this ..
Nice attempt at a cover but the one blocking people is always the one triggered.
Really need to zero in on this more. Did he read all of report? Over how much time? Did he rely on extra-report
I honestly didn't know that Ren from Prince-sama was the same seiyuu for him. I just liked him because he was
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
YAAAALLLLLLL!!!!! RT TO BE ADDED TO THE NEW LIT GC "TRAP HOUSE ANTHEM"!!!!!!!! Must be : Following me Following
i hate how often people ask me for money. i be confused af
Has Barr been asked under oath if he's read the entire text of the Mueller report? He can't answer basic questions
Check this out! They locked my backup acct for violating rules saying I tweeted something about New Zealand shooting.
. Muslim teenage boy explains "Every non-Muslim girl who refuses to convert to Islam must be raped" They justify
big mood
fucking yikes.
when the sjw gets triggered in class so the autisti. kid gets beat up by yhe teacher so the emo kid hangs himslef so the
big mood
My nigga WHO?
Pulwama attack happened on 14th feb 2019 by Jaish-e-Mohammed, 300 JEM terrorists killed, Handler and mastermind of
smh Grand Rapids wins one online poll and they think they're kings of everything buzz off "Beer City"
mood
are all three of the jonas brothers going to be sitting on the same chair
Google struggled to sell Pixel 3 smartphones in Q1 2019: Google revealed during the earnings call that it had
Yeah you're dumb af
youre helping your parents set the table for a nice outdoor picnic and then your bf hops over with some extra chairs like
I want some pictures on my walls if anybody paints really dope pictures hmu!
This #InternationalWorkersDay please sign our Gov petition for #decrim so sex workers can have the same employment
It did same to me
RIP Poor Hulk abused and used by the monsters who use innocent animals s bait and to fight. Then he ended up at #KillShelter
Hey Jessie I've got a brilliant idea please hit me up in a DM for details
mood
OOF SAME
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
I want a sugar baby I can trust. RETWEET IF YOU ARE INTERESTED! Just stay loyal honest sincere &amp; trustworthy.
mood
Lol next round may 15th . Organize them goals and plan to capitalize from there

It's been a very bad year financially for me. I've been plugging on, staying optimistic, taking it a
42 Heartwarming Tweets About Poop Emoji Products That Will Make You Swipe Left. I Can't Even With #8.
"I fired toward the wall twice and one bullet went through the door," said the 59-year-old woman who opened fire
That's the same misplaced calculation--we've designed roads that make it so difficult to simply walk
Tbh I completely agree, would back him as top 3 in the world atm 1. Oblak 2. Ter Stegen 3. Neuer If
yikes indeed
Honestly, it's like chill
By-Election Triggered As Peterborough Voters Back Bid To Remove Disgraced MP Fiona Onasanya
By the way I adore summer school. I think long semesters ended up boring me in college. I liked powering through
SAME
do you live in CA like the rest of us suffering the same for a compact?
McManaman: "The fans here are so protective of Messi. You're not allowed to foul him. To kick him" No, you're are not,
IM DEAD
If u tryna be like this hmu
Thoughts and prayers for the victims of yet another mass shooting... My thought is that should let the
In a nice way, that's still not true. They don't have the exact same DNA, figure prints or
Mfs be talkin about 2pac they favorite rapper but favorite song be some basic shit like dear mama or keep ya head
are all three of the jonas brothers going to be sitting on the same chair
Dm me!
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
This game ended positively, mainly because of one player, our captain Radamel Falcao. He scored 14 out of 34
good morning is kanye west dead yet
I agree, I thought about doing the same thing as well. I route for you my boi
not have goals #LesserKnownLifeGoals
i just woke up from an ugly nap and now i'm grumpy and sad
Marijuana cuz I'm pretty dope.
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
Let's start a bruh chain, bruh
water has been leaking out of a fire hydrant on the road/footpath in front of the main
You're daying a crybaby he's a fckinh crybaby I run away from them They are all gonna be dead cause I don't cave
Mueller is pissed because the summary didn't include the generalized mood of his report. Well, tough. It's not the job of
Julian Assange: Clinton Foundation and ISIS were funded from the same source -
I've been looking for someone peddling this lie. That was the second part of a statement from Alex
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
Kintsugi is the ancient Japanese art of making what's broken beautiful again. God wants to do the same with the scars
I need trusted and loyal babies. I don't want sex or nudes. First 100 to follow, like and RT get $1200 each. I'm
I really fucking hate doing this. Currently in a hefty financial pinch so I'm looking to turn to some of my video
Also, it was HRC that convinced him to give the go. Biden thought it was too risky and counseled against
I bet you'll fall in love with 900 more themes especially if you decide to find out what the baby is! Lol
Has Barr been asked under oath if he's read the entire text of the Mueller report? He can't answer basic questions
WH Pess Sec. Sarah Sanders: "AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for
TheEllenShow: Las Vegas peeps! If you don't have plans tonight and wanna see my friend Kelly_Clarkson host the
Y'all know how a vibe just start to feel off but nothing necessarily happened, it's just off af and you just not fw it?
15 year old : says something shitty about a queen Queen : responds 15 y.o : OMFG ITS NOT EVEN THAT DEEP WTF. Yikes.
Fire roasted grilled strawberries are the perfect way to celebrate another day closer to summer! Recipe:
Brazen Daylight Rib Roast Heist Thwarted By Alert Supermarket Manager: After a stay inside the accused man's
Holy shit. She came to SLAY. She had time. She was ready. This is what happens when you get in the sights of a
I stuck around for someone who would never do the same for me and I think that's what really is getting to me. Having a big
Bruh you just need the instant pot
Las Vegas peeps! If you don't have plans tonight and wanna see my friend host the Billboard Music
People will say Arya's most epic killing is the Night King, but I say it's Walder Frey and his entire family.
Can confirm. Coughing can cause the same problem!
Dead silence from and other socialists about Venezuela. What! No lectures about how they need to start recycling?
leave my extra toe out of this, mayo is minging

af dms
you look 12 im finna tell ya momma you on here cussin
Las Vegas peeps! If you don't have plans tonight and wanna see my friend host the Billboard Music
also lil bbmas spoiler (not really) but y'all remember bts stages in america? like no decor and absolutely no flavor, it was
What bothers me about this is not just the ridiculous double standard that's being applied here, but also the
yall was too busy getting kicked outta class now you're 21+ learning basic facts of life from Twitter accounts
Yet you side with people who would kill Jews, who show their hatred every day? Purge your antisemitism first.
I just said that to We need like 7 more goals for me to relax
Happy May Day, friends! I woke up this morning, sent out my latest newsletter, and quickly learned that many of
US ARMY!! please dm &amp; if you need funds and buy boy with luv. let's make boy with luv enter
Current mood:
Hey, we wish to confirm the status of that deposit. Please share your ID number and the message you
William Barr is exactly the kind of Republican that Democrats say they respect. Yet when he doesn't do exactly what
Extra Zesty
He looks innocent imo.
The 3 on the bottom should be: Venezuelans* *deluded and uneducated unless they support Maduro 100% but trust us, guys we
me bumping the same song I've listened to about 456 times already
It's a good game innit! Not appreciated by all the participants, but all the same it gets me
"I'm dead = that was amusing"
I know damn well if a random guy who wasn't famous pulled up to a date with fake nails y'all girls would be like wtf.
We live the same in Venezuela
Happy publication day to ! The gorgeous Fire House on Honeysuckle Street is out today!
mood
CleanUpExpress RT/FB DM 4 a ride
MBDTF &gt; TPAB Pure Heroine &gt; Melodrama Free 6lack &gt; Trapsoul QUEEN &gt; Invasion Of Privacy Trilogy &gt; Blonde KOD &gt;
Many of my B/L Tech classmates were in these honors/gifted programs that prepared
The hate is this thread smh
Chris Packham gets chilling letter warning: 'We want you dead, we will succeed' - Mirror Online #ecologicallyclueless
It was a privilege to denounce devastating sanctions &amp; US coup attempt against Venezuela on the most watched news show
Just say yikes and move on with your life
A training program goes a long way. You can Google training programs for specific goals
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
Yall want me at school on time or y'all want me there everyday? Cant get both smh
#bdsmgroupporn #bdsmorgy Download ______________________ *** ***
i will send 7 nudes to all who retweet #tits #ass #horny #kik #nudes #cumtribute #nsfw #nude #porn #pussy #tits
Schools are having to teach pupils National 4, National 5 and Higher qualifications in the same class because of
Does not matter if it took 400+ pages or 4 pages. The conclusion is the same. Simply put in two words. NOT QUILTY.
That would probably just be the same image with 4 different hair colours lmao
Sea of Thieves - The king of adding just one tool to a game and it improving your quality of life tenfold but
Same energy
mood
so he finna kill these niggas once again?
—not above killing the potential suitors. Eventually, the wizard grew tired of their games. He had laid a claim
#FailingGrayling burns ANOTHER £50m of taxpayers money on #FerryGate I'm furious! To make it real, that's 2974
it isnt true (btw) that "North Americans" werent "mixing"—european colonizers &amp; slavers to the north were also
RT if you are loving AG Barr teach basic law to political Democrats who hate Trump more than they love America
Lol/chill
ethan was a whole ass mood the entire video
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
Puppy Found Dead in Weighted Cage Submerged in New Jersey Pond - NBC New York

Draymond had LeBron eyes looking like that too. Nigga dead ass be digging in his butt before games
Isn't that pretty much the same price as actual top golf?
Are people really complaining about the Moxley video? Man! I thought it was dope to see him go back to his roots.
Hey have some shame. You are the same person who went to a Begusarai to supoort - the
Seeing a rapper you've been fucking with since he was underground evolve is fckn dope. Like you out here making it and
RT if you are loving AG Barr teach basic law to political Democrats who hate Trump more than they love America
Same here. I drive barefoot year-round, it feels comfy and free.
New look, same #RedHat. For the first time in 19 years the Red Hat logo, as well as our font and colors, will be changing.
this guy commented on shawns newest post and has the same profile picture as him??? a collab???
Mood
And i'm here cracking up at how , pressed, pathetic,and pityful u all are bc you call everything jikook do fanservice
Agreed! Democrats protect each other no matter how bad and deep the corruption goes!
GOALS ALL THE WAY! Girlfriend goals and squad goals!
Summer mood
POV: u walk into class and the same group of musical theatre kids are at it again
Have sent a DM
The irony is... if it weren't for Britain's colonial past, David Lammy would, here and now, be dancing around a fire,
one direction really went from living in the same apartment complex to being the type of friends who only text each
lms and ill dm u an anime character u remind me of
Well too bad hes dead
Bruh. What. The. Fuck.
I've been trying to find the support to research the socioeconomic and geographic make up of journalism and the response
Aye always a decent game with them as well. A few squad players you can sell at the start for big money as well
HOSEOK'S SNAP AFTER JIN SAID I LOVE YOU 3000 THEY'RE ALL MARVEL STANS #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
Our big focus tonight at 9: 15 cops dead in a naxal attack, who is taking responsibility for the intelligence lapses from
no she's mine, our ship name is even baibe
Me sitting at home hungry af thinking bout that one time 6 years ago I stupidly didn't finish my meal
So now Bill Barr too? Smh. Everybody who works with Trump eventually lies. And lies. And lies.
DM's are always open for inquiries :)
Dm me
Imagine being married to a nigga and at breakfast he like "Ionno what you finna do but I'm single now"
"blandness can sizzle" yikes
LITTLE HEARTS THAT TAUGHT MINE Excited to share another mom's thoughts on what she's learned from her
Wrong, you are just a Fury fan. You cant see 20 extra lbs of muscle in that clip. It's ok.
Black cops lose their law enforcement professions and go to prison. Pale cops get desk jobs and do not go to
Best-selling books of 2018: Michelle Obama's "Becoming" -- 3.4 million "Magnolia Table" -- 1.3 million "Girl, Wash Your
Labour's climate emergency bill is their biggest move since the introduction of the NHS. It may ultimately prove to
you know how lit this would be live at fomo? I'm SICK
"Wear something casual, nothing too extra" me:
Today one of the Russian female journalist was badly beaten on the head &amp; arm by a deranged French cop. I have a
That's one fire dawg for your man, one trippy TBT for North Cackalacky
Bruh logic x em is gonna be a fucking banger
its so random lmao but dm me and ill see what i can do
Who is Marcus Richardson and whoever you are dm real fast
"I'm well known in the hood like the dope mans phone number"
I love the modern Lindsey Graham. He's savage, and loyal and honest. There's nothing the Democrats hate like a
Oof! I wanna go!
Bruh you don't know me lol
So now Bill Barr too? Smh. Everybody who works with Trump eventually lies. And lies. And lies.
Been told again to stick to mental health and stop talking about climate change. They are the same issue. The reason
When I wrot that column I had no idea AG William Barr was gonna come RIGHT OUT AND SAY today that RR was cleared by
Did my Criminology thesis presentation the other day. Thanks &amp; for taking the time to stop by
Between here and my instgram I've sent out the kit to 15 people! Looking to send out a few more because I'm just
wow nuest bet bet..they look so handsome
Tbh this is in good part why I tend to avoid HMD and I have very mixed feelings about
Luke 6:38 Luke 6:38 Give, and it shall be given unto you; good measure, pressed down, and shaken together, and
Okay yea it's for you smh
Get this legendary vcr to 1M and vote at the same time BTS #BBMAsTopSocial
Good evening fam. How did your day go? Trust great. Please take a minute from the match, go to TL.
New manager at the restaurant I worked at who clearly did not care for my fashion sense (shaved
Remember when Hoseok walked in on Jimin changing and said "sorry bae"
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
Who knew, #MuellerTime is still going on, patriots? Better order up the popcorn and tally up your sick days, the next
Has Barr been asked under oath if he's read the entire text of the Mueller report? He can't answer basic questions
I'M DECEASED DEAD BURIED IN MY GRAVE THIS IS MY SPIRIT TYPING OUT THIS TWEET SOMEONE SEND MONEY TO MY MOTHER FOR
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
Sissy Slut On Fire.....
Teachers don't have basic resources they need while billionaires get massive tax breaks. That's a disgrace.
Squad Goals #CarolinaFamily
Lol I love it
we get stranger things in 2 months it's fucking lit!!!!
Milner off, Gini slots in and Firmino leads the line. Please. Goals are there! #UCL
Lol I love it
This is really bizarre! A Facebook friend of mine made a post, saying exactly the same as you,
so did we all screen record the video of cole with the dog? we all did this. just checkin in. are we good fam?
Remember when Hoseok walked in on Jimin changing and said "sorry bae"
bruh if my fellow kpop homosapiens come at you, send them my way
mrskharvey Shoot us a DM so we can help! #Relojes #Fossil
I just hope the general fallout from sonic won't effect the hard working vfx artists who helped make it. Many of which
Pretty sure Tbow owns part of PDQ so isn't it all the same?
They are the same, just different race
Hayden Hurst - a hockey fan - just donated $4,000 to South Carolina's club hockey team. The squad was raising money for

In the swimming mood
I literally TAPPED a car this morning in the school drop off line. Going approximately 5mph, &amp; no harm to her
water + fire in the same chart= girl, we going ?? reacting on emotion without thinking? maybe you should stop
One night I woke up to go to the bathroom and thought I saw 6ix9ine walking into my bathroom only to realize it was Tino lmfaoooo
The entire screentime of Marvel Cinematic Universe is 3000 minutes. I love you, 3000.
Roger! Fairy squad on my way! Affiliate Army to the rescue!
This is badass
Your husband is your brother, fraud. MB funds terrorism. Prove me wrong.
Hi, Justin. Really sorry about that. Please send us a DM with your complaint reference number,
Racist teachers and heads of school all had the same micro aggression handbook.
Paying rent while waiting for my strep/flu test results. Adulting it's finest.
Is this the same Gavin Williamson who accused Jeremy Corbyn of betraying his country? Asking for a friend!
I'm looking to start a new DM chat. A place with good, kind, funny, honest people where we can chat about anything, talk
Any #piggies up for a short RT game? Dm to approach. #findom #finsub #humanATM #cuck #sph #cbt #femdom #mistress
McManaman: "The fans here are so protective of Messi. You're not allowed to foul him. To kick him" No, you're are not,
Niggas too boujie to smoke a roach now?? Smh
Same thingg I said. Idk how people enjoy it.
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
I still have quite a few openings for customs! DM me to place an order. I can do butterfly frames, dragonfly frames or
you can bet your bibby im excited for batsolo castings !
We know, because the data clearly shows us, that the gender pay gap is a function of being a mother. If we fail to
Ei loool.. wow so The Arrowverse is dead to you. Hm
forgot that cooky and chimmy's ship name is coochi dkdkkskskskjsjsjsjdbd
Couldn't care less who he supports. If he was an Evertonian I'd say the exact same.

when you realize the glow up skipped you and ur going to be ugly forever.
Neighborhood historian Michael Kurucz will share a photo "tour" of historic Douglaston and Little Neck, along
when a male character is confident, they're praised as "cool", "badass", "inspiring" and "witty" but when a female shows
When I wrot that column I had no idea AG William Barr was gonna come RIGHT OUT AND SAY today that RR was cleared by
Just learned the r-301 can be set to single fire..
are all three of the jonas brothers going to be sitting on the same chair
are all three of the jonas brothers going to be sitting on the same chair
Everyone who is salty about this episode is probably a bandwagon. I couldn't script a better ending for
"one day we'll go sleep together" "but..would we really sleep?" 'there's time for everything" bruh i can't with
Not missing it over here, he lied contradicting himself in the same testimony.
Same Messi.
I woke up. I have clothes to wear. I have running water. I have food to eat. Life is good. I am thankful.
"They wanted Sonic to be expressive" We must not know the same Sonic
Sooo... The same people who raged against Kavanaugh with #BelieveAllWomen and say Trump shouldn't be President
I admit I did some fucked up shit when it came to my exes and they did the same to me but I promise I will NEVER put my
Tina's Burritos are dumb fire!
going live over at ! Come join the fun! If you haven't checked out these peeps already be
Unbelievable. #Barr is saying that the fact that President Trump didn't like the investigation was a legitimate ground
Can't even watch a TV show without having politics and social justice shoved down your throat.
I'll buy you and your friends slutty snapchats. Party vids. Twerking. Drunk. Easy money. Dm me.
Fuck you holding up the whole damn division just to quit smh inconsiderate AF
you woke up to eat breakfast and saw these women waiting for you at the dining table, your last saved meme is your
Triggered
Fmr. CIA Director John Brennan: "I'm still waiting for those Republicans to realize that the ‘Trump ship' is a sinking one,
Cred if you could stop using complicated words when talking to muricans pls smh
me bumping the same song I've listened to about 456 times already
OH MY LAWD THAT OKAY AT THE END
As night falls, light a #YellowCandle to remember a single life lost in the Holocaust. Blima Lancberg died age
So anyone that wants a free AVI or banner from me needs to- 1. Be followed to me 2. Like and Rt this post 3. Someone in
I've literally been in the best mood this week, on a personal level. Maybe I should get drunk and embarrass myself more often
As I said this morning on I think guys like Barr have convinced themselves that saving Trump and the GOP
"Wear something casual, nothing too extra" me:
Man this hoe finna get me killed in fkt
Also, so weird that &amp; Democrats now seem so concerned about Rod Rosenstein overseeing the Mueller Probe when
bruh swear down
SOLD OUT, other member pls wait for extra data I'll post here after event ends.
grandpa had his 80th birthday so it was lit
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
Still is!
Mood
I'm looking for Clients to edit for! I've been working as an editor for 3 years! With over 4,000 videos under my belt.
mood
mood
Graeme, your preparation is what gives you the extra % to get to the ball first. Are there
A thirsty Nico appears. 1080p: #nico #DevilMayCry5 #nsfw #rule34
ive been dead
Isn't it weird how one day you're so confident and the next you're insecure as hell yet it's the same face, same body?
I've never been so angry &amp; disappointed with people who I thought were on the same side as myself.
Dear Bae, Just incase u're not satisfied sexually pls let me know, we will continue till u get that satisfaction.
some people just watch endgame because they wanna join the "hype" you will not understand or enjoy the movie if you skipped
I hope u don't mind That i put down in words How wonderful life is While you'r in the world #mood
is choosing to share values of parties that are racist, isolationist, misogynistic etc. These
JIMIN LOOKIN FINE AF AND JK IS ADORABLE WONWLWNWLWJWJWB JIKOOK ON THE SAME FREAKING CAR WTF U KIDDING ME
I love you 3000
Corporate needs you to find the differences between these pictures. They're the same picture.
I did dm you — Got it, Chief.
yikes
Alleged Antifa Plot for ‘Armed Conflict at the Border' Uncovered by FBI Don't we know who
percy pigs: we removed the gelatine so everyone can eat them :) they taste the same don't worry gelatine is flavourless
*applies eyeliner to left eye* *applies eyeliner to right eye* *evens out left eye* *evens out right eye* *evens out
"Watch people. If you aren't careful, they'll start at your feet, and end up at your throat." -Oprah
Mueller should fire AG Barr.
I promise you somebody took that same situation you're in rn and bodied it. Find a solution
#NowPlaying Fire Line Road - James McMurtry #Listen at
RT if you are loving AG Barr teach basic law to political Democrats who hate Trump more than they love America
Las Vegas peeps! If you don't have plans tonight and wanna see my friend host the Billboard Music
I just CANNOT believe Remy Ma let this unknown reality chick mess up her bag. Everything don't deserve a reaction bruh.
when I watched the documentary and she said her aunt died in the 70's ...no words
Today, admitted to being #Salty
For the record I also don't care how many bearded vet bros with 3 followers slide into my DM's to call me antisemetic names
Retweeted as a saddened #Labour supporter in the same headspace
Steve Jobs said over a decade ago that "disc media is dead." He's right. Now do you feel really old?
The fact that damn near every person in the replies laughing is a non-black woman......
BREAKING: Elizabeth Warren Has just called on William Barr to resign and for Congress to begin impeachment proceedings
this has the same energy as "thanos stop killing my friends"
i'm just not the same person i was before i watched Endgame
i had 6 kills too only if i had mats oof
Lmao it's so basic. I was trying to think of famous biracial people. MJ wasn't biracial but you know vitiligo. Lol
Isles win by multiple goals (not counting an empty netter).
1st things 1st I usually confused this song with We will survive off the I AM
Because he's an idiot. I'd like to see some sort of basic intelligence testing for MPs. We have it for every other
Lots of these little fellas knocking about on the Islands unfenced roads at the minute. Please take extra care and be patient
Conservative-run councils' RECORD OF SUCCESS couldn't be clearer says Brandon Lewis. If only we could say the same about
Yeah for sure. Chalk is annoying af it's like you're damned if you do damned if you don't
The first draft of #AvengersEndgame had Iron Man going on a different path and fighting against a dead MCU hero. (This
Damn it Twitter, ya'll motherfuckers can't just have John Goodman trending without including "not fucking dead"
my heart cold , I bet the angles agree
Snapchat is doing my tits in. Watching the same stories about 100 times
Really crazy to think that a around this time 2 years ago, the zombies community was completely revived from Zombies
TBH Liverpool isnt doing too badly... 2 weeks Ago at the Battle of Camp Nou... The Dothrakis of England Manchester
Here's the deal. If I were new to the show and watched the premiere last night, I would think this: B/cho are a thing
Barr, acting as the president's defense attorney, claims that Trump didn't tell McGahn to direct Rosenstein to
Listen up Brother . I'm a 50 plus year old white man from Easterm Shore of Maryland . You know what? I
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
Do it! Do the hustle!
i always hurt my own feelings by expecting the same energy i give
Has anyone had a constructive conversation with a liberal about anything? I know I haven't. They can't stay on
How can this happen in the heart of Europe? How can you allow this mr. Spanish democracy is not just
Unbelievable. #Barr is saying that the fact that President Trump didn't like the investigation was a legitimate ground
Tbh I've never heard anyone say Jersey Mike's is overrated.
I would BUY if it weren't irresponsible for me to do that. Look yall. This is drooly. And it's a mf steal if
It doesn't have to be! We can help make it easier! We have many car models and financing options. So
At least 16 persons, including 15 security personnel, were killed in an IED blast triggered by Naxals in Maharashtra's
Holy shit same I know why I was crying, tho I was crying over a fictional character.
A "vampire facial" dont even sound attractive tbh
oh this that song in that vid fire !!!!!! LETS FUCKING GO
I bet little is scared of her.
Bro its terrible I had class this morning and woke up after boffum had finished
Best-selling books of 2018: Michelle Obama's "Becoming" -- 3.4 million "Magnolia Table" -- 1.3 million "Girl, Wash Your
This is extra as hell
i'm starting to believe y'all don't know what it means to be gay...
I'm convinced this picture confirms that Messi and Neymar had a bet on who can dive better. #BARLIV
Now if you could have the same commitment to the citizens of the USA. #NoEthicsNoIntegrityGOP
Fmr. CIA Director John Brennan: "I'm still waiting for those Republicans to realize that the ‘Trump ship' is a sinking one,
pesci has the same energy as this fella from mario party 8 and i quite like that
Comey's a dead man walking. He knows what's coming. He'll be the first to go down.
Holy sh*t. Leahy is exposing that Barr hasn't fully read the report. As said, I bet he sauntered into AG job, got the
That's Dope
some people just watch endgame because they wanna join the "hype" you will not understand or enjoy the movie if you skipped
I pet Belle. She is a 7 year old Sheltie. She likes to be the boss of the house. She herds around the other animals in
Danang Dick &amp; Nathan Phillips Stolen Valor... Opposite sides of the same wooden nickel!
dm me
Christ is Risen! Truly He is Risen! Holy Fire comes down in Jerusalem! #Pascha #Christ #Jesus #Resurrection
What is with hannahs and homophobia smh
Miami Beach Police remain at scene where neighbors say man was killed in a "heinous" and "gruesome" way at Tribeca Apt
Our little CC peeps are making it big on the BPA Red Carpet! #WeSoar #NLC2019
Best-selling books of 2018: Michelle Obama's "Becoming" -- 3.4 million "Magnolia Table" -- 1.3 million "Girl, Wash Your
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
They will drop it faster than green grass through a goose
True. Nothing great about skilled individuals leaving the country. We will put
I accidentally injured myself and sustained a deep cut on my leg. People just milled around and looked as I bled.
My summer finna be lit, fuck u talkin bout lol
So the liar ex-con Fiona Onasanya has been forced to stand down by her constituents in Peterborough. The
'ello, thanks for takin' the time to help everyone! I'm a stickperson that likes hats and
mood
I hand made a bunch of boob pots - if you'd like one they are listed on my Etsy shop!! Link in bio. If you want a
Big yikes
It's the same damn tool that McConnell used to block a vote on Garland. We can't let them keep
I really don't be on that extra shit at all, I can't stress that enough.
On #YomHaShoah, we have lit candles for Bianca and Moritz Leitersdorf. They were taken from their home just 5
Sea monsters need checkups too. I bet they vaccinate.
Intelligent people: We need to understand Islamic radicalism through the prism of socioeconomic/geopolitical challenges
I would love for her to kill both honestly
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
What a hypocrite: While Trump demonizes immigrants, his New York country club exploits undocumented workers and steals
BIG MOOD
I am the soul of my sword Steel is my body, and fire is my blood I have created more than a thousand weapons
Most u girls think ur sooooooooooo funny looool fam 95% of the guys only laugh cuz there tryna secure the beat and the
are all three of the jonas brothers going to be sitting on the same chair
same energy
It was a privilege to denounce devastating sanctions &amp; US coup attempt against Venezuela on the most watched news show
Unpopular opinion: the minimum voting age should be the same, by law, to the minimum age at which children can be
Why is still on FOX? He's as bad as from CNN. Shep reports just one side of things when it comes
Down af
In not sure which is greater: Your shame at being British. My shame that
i try not to do that but every aries male i've dealt with was the same.
Drs in White suits with a sheepskin from AMA should never be trusted beyond
niggas got terrible time management and be having to rush everywhere they go smh. it's me i'm niggas
Unpopular opinion: the minimum voting age should be the same, by law, to the minimum age at which children can be
[spelling bee] Judge: Your word is taco. Me: Four, please. Judge: We're not - Me: With corn chips. Judge: This isn't
Juice and milk aren't really all that great for you tbh
Long as you rank em. Harden/Ginobli? Come on Fam.
so wayv comeback and nct 127 comeback in the same month. NCTZENS STAY WINNING
When y'all are done with Messi talk, come and let me help you make some money. Invest 5h for 4k 1k for 8k 4k for 32k It's
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
Alexa play Real Sisters by Future Hendrix
WHO WANTS TO SEE MY NUDEs? 1. Retweet this 2. Follow me #freenudes #sendingnudes #xxx #camgirl #hot #cam #pussy
They tryna be cray
percy pigs: we removed the gelatine so everyone can eat them :) they taste the same don't worry gelatine is flavourless
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
It's dead already.
I'm in a proper mood now cause these thick, shit bastards will get bent over at Anfield
Police exchange fire with alleged armed group in #Caracas #Venezuela
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
Doggie, you're so whack, I bet you still ascribe to the Clovis first paradigm in North American archaeology.
I just imagined him hanging from it like a fish a and now I'm freaking dead. lmao
#Brexit 1 Cadbury moved factory 2 Poland 2011 with EU grant. Ford Transit moved 2Turkey 2013 with EU grant. Jaguar
7 times Lisa Simpson was a woke queen: a detailed thread
Salty water is life.
Crazy aunty saying girls get raped because of short dresses but doesn't say anything when Sanghi does it. smh
Doesn't surprise me. Nursing is stressful af &amp; negative coping skills can easily overtake you. Being kind &amp;
Me sitting at home hungry af thinking bout that one time 6 years ago I stupidly didn't finish my meal
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
"if ur house caught on fire and u can only rescue one thing, what would it be?" me:
So Joe Biden's son Hunter was dating his dead brother's wife?? That whole family is CREEPY! WTF!
Same. Including most forms of fish for me tho
An inconvenient fact they don't want you to know: Paul Manafort was indicted for the SAME CRIMES that Mueller prosecuted him
It was extra.
MagaConnect 80 Follow/RT DM for ride
Not Wood.......................... DM me if you want to know. T Barny Gallery &amp; Sculpture Gardens
Usain Bolt has a higher testosterone level than his peers which gives him a natural advantage and nobody is complaining about
Same to the girl's
Wow ppl are so sick smh
Good example for how these "left" professionals are no different than the lib professionals they
Fr goals
Nigga what???
RIP sister squad :'(
The cost to our economy will be horrific, and this is so preventable. We've subsidized a food system that is making
are all three of the jonas brothers going to be sitting on the same chair
Cyclists also have to obey the rules of the road. A great many don't. Then they complain. Cyclists CANNOT ignore
[dipping my feather quill into the inkwell and adjusting my spectacles] dearest diary, it seems the day is different but
Why is still on FOX? He's as bad as from CNN. Shep reports just one side of things when it comes
find a person who shares his day like this and never let him go .
cba with how moody i get in a bad mood ahahaha literally can't speak to anyone without an attitude lmao soz :/
"Wear something casual, nothing too extra" me:
Take our people out your filthy mouth. We know what you are, we have no interest in your crocodile tears. Yom HaShoah is
Please dm for feet videos and photos in exchange for money #feet #foot #footfetish #isendfeet
William Barr is exactly the kind of Republican that Democrats say they respect. Yet when he doesn't do exactly what
I want to be your sugar daddy. I do not want nudes. Thanks. First 100 people who reply and retweet get $5000
Has Barr been asked under oath if he's read the entire text of the Mueller report? He can't answer basic questions
Lol bet
I woke up in the middle of the night to find my 4-year old staring me in the face, and then she said, " mom, I love
update: I emailed the wonderful woman who helped us get the apartment because thinking about this more I feel
can they chill w the knives and maybe consider scissoring instead
how dumb can one pup get? smh
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
Bloody autocorrect changed my Mazie to Maxie. I have a love/hate with autocorrect.
Yikes.
Why No Public Outrage? Why Media Silent? Why Gadchiroli not important for a day even but Pulwama is for months? Because
so he finna kill these niggas once again?
Interesting note on Kaleb Johnson: He got his offer for the #Eagles practice squad last year around the time he was
Same. No reason to settle. She is by far the best candidate in the full sea of candidates running in the Democratic
likes to deceive their customer and steal from them. My account had gone overdrawn and I brought
who finna catch this 'wyd'
Hutchyman@Hutchyman # vanre If you bought in May 2018 the average price per sq ft in Yaletown was $1354 sq ft, or
was gonna hit the gym up today but I'm sick and I refuse to induce suffering more go be chad for me fellow chad
Why everybody hating on bruh because he wanted to be different the man wanna be a homicide detective just like black
Just say yikes and move on with your life
the GLOW UP
Barr just admitted he did not look at the evidence in the Mueller report. Nor did Rosenstein. Nor did anyone in the
Na fam, Return of the Jedi is by far the best one.
I'm excited yet nervous asf for 2mar ! Shit bout to be lit
When your squad buys your festival ticket
Do yall ever read a message from someone &amp; think "see this is why I don't like fucking talking to you" bc same
endgame quotes!!! "whatever it takes" "i like this one" "america's ass" "i keep telling everybody they should move on,
#MothersDay is around the corner! Make the mamas in your life feel extra special with a beautiful designer's
Firing squad, very simple!
Mood
When you taking a bath with bae and they fart in the tub
Time for the Death Blossom. Fire at will Commander.
Gay means to be sexually attracted to the same sex.
POV: u walk into class and the same group of musical theatre kids are at it again
People about to break their necks jumping on tables n shit for this challenge smh
#KinbakuEdoShigusa Yasukuni Shibari #PatukkinOmekakeSanba Dedicated #Brand2020 child making
Y'all looked good af mama. People just don't know how to stfu. You are deadass minding your
her pfp looks like the same outfit she has on here oooooh
BET need to stop skipping the sex scenes . I know that much
Stupid af!
John Singleton, ‘Boyz n the Hood' and ‘Poetic Justice' Director, Dead at 51 via
Oof. Hurts like hell
Sorry when I get going ... so sick of liberals ship them over the wall
"You should be more worried about the person that doesn't ask", honestly! And no, asking someone about their sexual health
kenzie at fomo tease:
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
Nacho day to fail was LIT! Thanks for stopping by!
Eh. I cant belive s is dead....
Never let a fact get in the way of your prejudices. You will be more comfortable
Chill lol
Lindsey Graham, who once called Trump a "jackass" and a "kook" who would get absolutely pummeled in the general election,
Once you cross me it's pretty much no coming back from that. I can definitely forgive, but we will never be in the same
Happy publication day! Check out my blog for an interview with (link in profile)
Curry:"Damn we down 10 bro" Draymond "BET"
Just 2 years ago, he was rightly pointing out the disgusting process our laws and courts subject a victim to.
s*elling clean 15.1k account with active followers dm if interested #ratszone
I start every STC with the same quote... My philosophy on training AND leadership! #SprintFam #SprintFUNdamentals
But when you're fighting to be paid the same for
Well OK then....
I bet! Do you have Spotify? I'll link you to one of my background playlists if so...
i love you 3000 times
cute af
He dead lol #PS4share
dating me is like when you find out the song you've skipped for the past week is actually fire.
May this month bring money, happiness, goals achieved, and litness
Guysssss see me. Lmaooo I'm so hype. I don't even know anyone at bella so this is so sweet. I have the best job in the
I hope that this will get a BluRay release. I'm also hoping to see Chicago Deadline and Salty
I've refrained from talking about this because I fear twitter ascribing less than stellar intentions to me. But in order
"We damn near half way thru the year yall, i bet all yall done 4 got about yalls New Year resolution "
Men kill other men (88% of homicides), beat and kill women (96% of DV) and beat eachother (78% of assaults). Women are 91% of
ik im late but this is the ship dynamic i am looking for lmaoooo
Useless people have taken over the democRATS the Democratic Party is DEAD. VOTE REPUBLICAN VOTE PRESIDENT TRUMP
y'all gon stop acting like fire signs aren't elite by default like we're the influence
I'm so grateful to Florida families who give that same love to children in need. Every child deserves a safe and
William Barr was willing to destroy his reputation in a failed attempt to protect you - do you
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
Wait this was cute af
.@steveaustinBSR joins NOW on ESPN 850 WKNR. Stone Cold: I love Baker Mayfield. He lit this thing on
Y'all thought that girl was gon care about what happens to a Asian journalist? The same sis who liked tweets about
it's so exciting to find someone who has the same music taste as me
can they chill w the knives and maybe consider scissoring instead
BREAKING: Elizabeth Warren Has just called on William Barr to resign and for Congress to begin impeachment proceedings
Mother and embryo are two independent human beings. Scientific evidence identifies them as individuals of the same
In Japan a new emperor is taking the throne, and the Reiwa era has begun the Satanic
Started watching this series on netflix called "On my block" im enjoying it so much..makes me wish i had a crew.
Final score: Newmarket 2-0 Stokesley Goals: Dowse (2) #RedcarNewmarket
meme content = the content you said you would DM from the meme that was posted
Wizkid said "See that sexy girl from Ghana" and an extra country was created &amp; named accordingly. A legend
I was proud to stand with law enforcement this morning to sign SB 96, increasing the penalty for harming police
i've been saying to this to you already but hey, i love you 3000. p.s i'd really like a dm
Same wish they get back together one day
Also on the same vein as that, i know the internet is obsessed with "thicc girls", but if you naturally have a
.@ChantalHbert .@kady .@althiaraj .@ArthurKent .@johnrobertsFox So is this the same as trying to
Dm me anyone , I'm bored!!
The change strip celebrates unity &amp; diversity. We're still looking for sponsors / donators to add
RT PLEASE. Call-out for gender critical people with links to ASD/autism please? Looking for gender critical
What a hypocrite: While Trump demonizes immigrants, his New York country club exploits undocumented workers and steals
SEOKJIN SAID I LOVE YOU 3000 N HOSEOK STARTED SNAPPING HOS FINGERS WHERE MY MARVEL ARMY STANS AT
Ter Stegan is murdering us, tbh. Super form
Lol why don't you dm me since you're so apparently obsessed
#HighPark #bloorwest in #Toronto #canada has a new attraction.
RT if you are loving AG Barr teach basic law to political Democrats who hate Trump more than they love America
Old textbooks still sitting on your shelves collecting dust? Got an extra copy (or five) of Wheelock? Consider
Me getting ready to go ask my professors for extra credit after slacking off the entire semester
Barr just admitted he did not look at the evidence in the Mueller report. Nor did Rosenstein. Nor did anyone in the
crazy how fucking terrified some kids are of talking shit to someone above them (clout wise) yet dickride them cuz there
Does Katy Perry Pay extra money to show up more often on shuffle because this girl will not get off my Spotify
I use to get 40-60 ping and now I get high 20s and low 30s. If you want to get lower ping then dm me. Like and RT as well to
There are four questions of value in life... What is sacred? Of what is the spirit made? What is worth living "for,

Never give a national Presidential campaign your phone number or email address. They will blow that shit up.
Same
why tf does this school not have a dead week before finals? how tf yall expect to do all the assignments and studying i
Luckily ne ke sa jole
Two people dead and several injured at the University of North Carolina in Charlotte and NOT A SINGLE MAJOR TELEVISION
a mood
Lol I love it
New pics from #GameofThrones S8 E4 shows the North burning the dead and getting ready for war with #Cersei
In honor of #MayDay, this is a thread for horrible-boss stories. Fire away!
Still makes me laugh and Never gets old! Guy put a claimed his dug has been burnt in a a fire and asked for
I heard her as well... I laughed can you imagine taking off your Tri suit and
Man robs Dairy Queen. Unsuccessfully attempts to carjack woman in drive thru. Returns the same day and robs Dairy
lmfao I'm dead
No it currently does not #WiFi
Does anyone else really miss the Mythbusters? I know all the episodes are available, and Adam is doing the kid builders
McManaman: "The fans here are so protective of Messi. You're not allowed to foul him. To kick him" No, you're are not,
In honor of #MayDay, this is a thread for horrible-boss stories. Fire away!
SAME
glad we are ALL on the same page hoseok
me bumping the same song I've listened to about 456 times already
Y'all hate Curry for becoming so good so fast so whenever he has a bad game y'all call him overrated. Same reason y'all gonna hate Jokic too
It is clear that if Trump shot and killed someone on 5th Ave., Bill Barr would hide the dead body, clean up
Central #banks are buying #Gold at the highest rate since Nixon closed the Gold window &amp; frontrunning all brave
Gilinsky has been nothing but kind and sweet to us so please give him the same energy back. Don't be rude or
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
Lmao this same exact thing is what happened to my old Xbox babe, Xbox just suck for problems like this ;)
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
Superman still hard af
I believe the New York Times said it best opening their article ‘How Does He Survive? The Curious Case of Failing
It's fire
Priyanka Gandhi ji stops kids from using a cuss word for Modi ji. This grace for the same person who called her
Indeed. And while there are several strong Numan albums in the past, I find Savage (Songs
He will be triggered all night now lol
Yaebin and I have the same nail color on WOOOOOOOW #soulmates
are all three of the jonas brothers going to be sitting on the same chair
wait did i spell grader wrong oof
Actor James Woods held prisoner in 'Twitter jail' - WND there's no way in hell this guy should be silenced! #freespeech in
Woke up at 4am+ to study then I saw Jennie
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
The same reaction she would feel is the same how I feel when she comes up to me telling me that I'm not who I am.
Tbh the only ppl getting mad are the ones that walk in front of ppl's flow w/o saying excuse me
Americans in USL players that are producing well: - Kai Koreniuk, 21: 4 goals and 2 assists for Los Dos - Eryk
Almost 4:30 in the morning and i'm thirsty.hungry.and crying
mood cause calc is kicking all of our asses
As the latest Mueller/Barr "scandal" illustrates, there is simply no reasoning with media dead-enders who long ago bought
if u complete the mutual dm me!! luv friends...
you look 12 im finna tell ya momma you on here cussin
Team ScoMo. My cartoon.
Did you know that brush, grass and forest fires accounted for almost one-quarter (23%) of fires handled by local
are all three of the jonas brothers going to be sitting on the same chair
THANK YOU SHDOSJSHXKSKKS it's mind boggling like every hs au I've seen always has axel in hs while
I am so addicted to Bet Bet MV, to be honest. I feel like the 1M YT views out of the approx 4M views as of
I'm about 20 pictures off 2300. If you are a woman and you support trans rights, please reply with your picture tagging
So the liar ex-con Fiona Onasanya has been forced to stand down by her constituents in Peterborough. The
60' Barcelona Liverpool Possession 49% 51% Shots 5 9 Shots on Target 2 3 Corners 1 3 Fouls 7 9 Goals 1 0 #UCL
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
Looking to improve your business strategies check out this video below. #BusinessStrategy
my moods are lit gonna make me sink I feel it
Cortez does not have a degree in economics. She has a undergrad degree in foriegn relations. She only
China is adding great stimulus to its economy while at the same time keeping interest rates low. Our Federal Reserve
POV: u walk into class and the same group of musical theatre kids are at it again
New pics from #GameofThrones S8 E4 shows the North burning the dead and getting ready for war with #Cersei
Way to add fuel to the fire Kevin. Though to be fair he did ask for it.
DONT EVER SAY WE DIDNT SLAY.
mood
Thought the same thing when he did that. Hoping he doesn't cut his hair next.
Current mood:
Seen same situations the same as this in many first world countries who are
so dope man, underrated
Mood itna acha hai uff
Genuinely seeing the same people who argue "sex is observed at birth and is immutable" now claim that Caster Semenya
JIN JUST SAID.... I LOVE YOU 3000 TO US... MARVELARMYS....
That is infinitely more elegant a solution than what he came up with... which was to set all the
My life is dead
RT if you are loving AG Barr teach basic law to political Democrats who hate Trump more than they love America
And I get "doctors" usually using the same face, different names and can't spell worth a damn. Oh, and I forgot
If you listen to sports talk shows, hosts make the same points over and over, minute after minute, hour after
Your car, parts, rimpz are all mass produced ok. You ain't the first to do anything so chill out witcho clouty ass
It's beautiful, isn't it? Trump and all his corporate pals. What they've done to the economy is the equivalent of doping
dembele should have come on before semedo or both at the same time but nah. a full bk for one of the front 3. but
Age in brackets: - 1 ran out of money &amp; just refused to pay me (19) - 1 ran a pyramid scheme &amp; screwed over about 100 of us.
Shut up your nothing but a useless puppet!!! Don't know how you sleep at night, lying and saying OUT
Mood:
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
Gini is shit. Koop back to being brain-dead.
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
MOOD.
That's a mood
I read an article that said post-Raging Bull De Niro was definitely not the same guy: the
you came back and said you felt the same way but here you go leaving again
Lil baby say she wanna sell hair I'm bout to ship kilos of that shit in
So the liar ex-con Fiona Onasanya has been forced to stand down by her constituents in Peterborough. The
Yes, this! Same goes for Employer Branding. Create a great company culture and workplace where people want
Also, so weird that &amp; Democrats now seem so concerned about Rod Rosenstein overseeing the Mueller Probe when
how is it even a statistic there's literally like 3 black people on here and they're
Yes school food nasty af
If you don't agree with this, i hope we can agree to disagree or infact dm me and let's have a civilised chat and
Pak army tried to do in same way with bengalis in 1971. And rest is history!!
BREAKING: Elizabeth Warren Has just called on William Barr to resign and for Congress to begin impeachment proceedings
IM DEAD ASF
Check out MENS CAMO CARGO SHORTS SIZE: 29 LIGHT WEIGHT RIPSTOP FABRIC 6 POCKETS ARMY #Cargo
9/ Forget first reactions, and think of it. The reader so liked the book that it hurt him to know there'd be no
new nsfw twitter acc :,) • underage • him/he • heterosexual / bi / curious • switch rt to be mutuals // like
The same Oprah that's been on the whole pretty supportive of the documentary?
If you ain't tryna fuck with me like this i don't want you
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
Treat yourself to this! Chester pretends to play dead so he doesn't have to go to bed at night - does your dog do this too?
I'll have them available at midnight on friday. I'll DM you
bruh texans are wildin bruhSR 678 Introduced Recognizing The University of Texas Rio Grande Valley chess team
Oh god, so that's me gonna be in trouble at my
Yea just like the Democratic black face governor of Virginia do you have the same opinion about him ?
Baba you dey lie carelessly that's a Nigerian actor.. Chill na
mood
Was out walking the Terrorist Foster Dog. Did Lindsey mention that he said much the same things as Strzok and Page were
Steve, as simply as it can be put, Uber, lyft, etc are ways for most people to
Oh my stars! Heavens to Betsy! Did y'all clutch your pearls in unison at THOSE MONSTERS? I just bet all of your
Let's connect to make sure you are taking advantage of important financial milestones as you work toward your retirement
US ARMYs, if you haven't bought BWL on iTunes or have new iTunes account for today, DM us, we will Paypal the money to
some people just watch endgame because they wanna join the "hype" you will not understand or enjoy the movie if you skipped
A regular everyday kind of mood
Draymond had LeBron eyes looking like that too. Nigga dead ass be digging in his butt before games
I feel so dirty, but I just can't help showing off my ass and pussy. I love being a dirty slut. It gets my pussy so
Somerville authorities say bank robbery suspect at large has ‘no regard for life' after opening fire at police
RE SAME
Now that Prez Mbeki says the Freedom Charter is the basic policy document of the ANC, then why is it not respected
Dem 2020 candidate Andrew Yang: Universal basic income will make Americans healthier #Yang2020
When ur fam doesn't approve of ur outfit
Absolutely not. I'm not a Zionist, and don't, and will never advocate for the slaughter of an
I saw 12 on campus at 9am and knew it was finna be some shi today lol
We really all lived the same childhood in different houses
Hi we used the goals that had been voted the winners of our goal of the month polls.
What a disgrace man smh
Also no matter who you ship, malec, sizzy, clace no matter what if I see any of you call Magnus and Alec's
i haven't played Banjo so I was going to join your side, but
Sucking and taking dick at the same time like a good slut
bruh texans are wildin bruhSR 677 Introduced Recognizing Rabke Methodist Church on the occasion of its 125th
Speaking for myself and my husband and my brother I firmly condemn Trump's plan to demonize the good people of the
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
It's hard being a real nigga and a princess at the same time.
Adventure squad 72789 - Doreen 0
The things that your last unit were good at does not equal competence in your next unit. Digital fires over HF
I just want to live a life like Sam &amp; Billie Faiers tbh
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
I was proud to stand with law enforcement this morning to sign SB 96, increasing the penalty for harming police
bruh texans are wildin bruhSR 676 Introduced Recognizing Kevin Dickey on the occasion of his retirement.
So true of writing.
Mia's tarot cards told me to take a step back from other people because I have enough inner wisdom for myself so
yep, DM or email!
When I wrot that column I had no idea AG William Barr was gonna come RIGHT OUT AND SAY today that RR was cleared by
This will be the beginning of my LIVE thread of the Barr hearing in front of the Senate Judiciary Committee. This is
Omg I felt the same way!!!
[biker gang] Me: Do we or do we not ride our bikes at the same speed? Biker: OK, we do, but you need to stop saying we
woke up today and still didn't give a fuck
I miss all my twitter boyfriends smh
Arxondas added a bet 'Crusaders - Sharks' with odds and prediction 1.84 to Crusaders -17.0, stake - 10/10
Bruh. What. The. Fuck.
New sale! My vids are lit! Fucking Sexy Latina Goddess Nikki Delano #MVSales #ManyVids
Dais rel work tbh. Is take me forever to even find somebody I like to reply to
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
never will i judge a dude by what type of car he drives or how much money he has as long as he got goals none of that
NIce try, troll. Except for the fact Barr was a smug, arrogant ass. Who WILL be nailed for his obstruction and lies,
Rashad took his last steps into a cell at Westchester County Jail. The nurses left him in what a correction
bad news is the hamster's dead. good news is that it's soft, clean and smells like a summer meadow...
y'all look so cute w those random laughing pictures. i just look like a horse. i'm upset tbh.
mood
Lmaoooo bruh
And I'll have you know that rationale and evidence doesn't really count as
the quality of the studio 113%, they recording BET BET 4 times and aron said "see you in 4 hours later"
bruh texans are wildin bruhSR 675 Introduced Recognizing Robert L. Price and Charmaine H. Price for their work
"It's never too late or, in my case, too early to be whoever you want to be. You can change or stay the same;
mood
Worst case of the game... ....but tbh, I still ended up liking the story.
UPDATE: Officials ID victim of deadly fire in Goldsboro, no foul play suspected
Yup smh.
Same energy
BREAKING: Elizabeth Warren Has just called on William Barr to resign and for Congress to begin impeachment proceedings
Has Barr been asked under oath if he's read the entire text of the Mueller report? He can't answer basic questions
Although, the outcome probably would have been the same if he wasn't present the last half hour.
Take a picture of the non damage
You guys are fired up! I can't wait to celebrate so many amazing students on #CollegeSigningDay tomorrow!
Marvel Comics Universe &amp; Savage Avengers #1 Spoilers: Conan The Barbarian Vs. Wolverine! 'Nuff Said! - Inside Pulse
Continued dead as a doornail work situation meant I got a half-day of furlough time. Oh well. I'm again lucky to
bighit is charging almost the same price as a p1 ticket for an average looking bomber jacket are they ok
Something extra for the birthday boy:
You cannot treat people like garbage and worship God at the same time
HUGE hit around here &amp; a bonkers story that I just like to explain to peeps. I kinda wonder if the JL movies had
New pics from #GameofThrones S8 E4 shows the North burning the dead and getting ready for war with #Cersei
Danang Dick &amp; Nathan Phillips Stolen Valor... Opposite sides of the same wooden nickel!
If you're toxic, DM me. I'm tryna have a crazy ass summer
At they are teaching students a baby in the womb is the same as a cancer killing the body This is the
I knew I wasn't crazy for copping HARD tickets last week before tryna book anywhere to stay for EDC. I bought an
PR got aid, puerto rican government didn't pass it out get it right you keep
I agree. It usually ends with a melt up including the US dollar. At the same time Gold and Silver taken to
Current mood:
*SCREAMS INTO PILLOW*
bruh texans are wildin bruhSR 673 Introduced Commending Madeleine Brown for earning the Girl Scout Gold Award.
"He had a few things he wanted to do, so I thought I'd help him out." How pop superstar helped Richard
This is all kinds of horrifying. Are we going to force all athletes to the exact same testosterone and estrogen
Hours after Laura Ingraham blasted him on air for saying the Mueller letter is a big deal, Chris Wallace returns fire
Same here.
why am I crying???
It's May Day in Los Angeles. You don't have to be a red-band wearing communist to take a few moments and ponder the
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
Ready to upgrade? Impeccable 5 BD/ 4 BA in ORLANDO has it all. Call/text/DM me!
You cant handle the truth. You r a pawn. Blaming #vaccine-injured for the failure of
Tip for job applicants: if you send an email asking to reschedule an interview an
With my Kentucky Derby and Oaks Day products now done and available, I will not be rushing my Derby Full Card &amp; Betting
Tbh is it any different than what corporations are doing to us already?
What a hypocrite: While Trump demonizes immigrants, his New York country club exploits undocumented workers and steals
So good I had to share! Check out all the items I'm loving on #poshmark #fashion #style
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
I caught up on jjba and. I'm Dead Inside
some people just watch endgame because they wanna join the "hype" you will not understand or enjoy the movie if you skipped
Love and lust not the same some of y'all not gon feel that
Keep in mind that this trainwreck of a movie is made by the same studio behind Snow White, The Lion King, and Zootopia
My toxic trait? I automatically stop trying when I feel unwanted. I won't reach out to you if it's not mutual or not getting
and now lauren can't even go back home after tour because the threats were so intense? imagine attacking a woman so
stop using big words what the hell crying i bet you're great at scrabble SIGH we should play im like
Mood #IfICantHaveYou
Same here
Best-selling books of 2018: Michelle Obama's "Becoming" -- 3.4 million "Magnolia Table" -- 1.3 million "Girl, Wash Your
bruh texans are wildin bruhSR 672 Introduced Commending Ayron Walker for earning the Girl Scout Gold Award.
Jail time for attempted murder should be the same as jail time for successful murder. You shouldn't be rewarded for
"Wear something casual, nothing too extra" me:
Jon Snow threw the Night King from his dragon, chased after him and told him that the smoke was free and readily
Kanye West can't wait for Kim Kardashian to be his lawyer. "My wife a lawyer now! Bet you I get out this contract, you know
Lmfao, thats why i sent it. Lmfao, badically saying you're smoking dick to be saying that lmfao. Im weak af.
BREAKING: Elizabeth Warren Has just called on William Barr to resign and for Congress to begin impeachment proceedings
Niggas really used to fight at 7 in the morning back in high school fam
I know damn well if a random guy who wasn't famous pulled up to a date with fake nails y'all girls would be like wtf.
bruh texans are wildin bruhSR 671 Introduced Commending Victoria Taylor for earning the Girl Scout Gold Award.
Bruh. What. The. Fuck.
Hugo Boss announces as their brand ambassador!!! The #LiamPayne campaign, shot by Mert &amp; Marcus, will start
Does EATV still exist? Back then when it was launched it was lit. I loved that guy who used to be on the streets
sksksksk they're just ridiculous i think i'll just keep laughing at them after all
He's not holding a dick with his manicure shorty relax with the homophobia. Lmao
Police are investigating after a 10-week-old puppy was found dead inside a weighted cage near a New Jersey pond.
big mood
ryan drops the same video while im ar work. she really dont like me
anyway, don't worry if I don't tweet often anymore. i just don't have the app and tbh this kinda offline time,
Check out this beautiful home! Magnificent, renovated, detached 3-bedroom home with parking! The extra-wide,
I wonder the same thing. This is no typo. They are very serious and they don't want to take responsibility.
Same here though the streaming would be hard since I'm shy Dx. I wouldn't mind doing commissions or
Took a couple massive loads last night. I woke up this morning with cum running out of my big, furry, muscle ass! I
Avocado letting you know she's going to cost extra
Only if you dm me your profile pic/background pic
Lol I love it
When the Night King walked up to Bran, with the other White Walkers and the Army of the Dead standing around him, it
Lil wayne drops fire verse
and i bet ur wanna be grown ass had it before
The Sonic Movie is just a sequel to Hop or at the very least takes place in the same universe. You can't convince me
I completed my B.Ed Degree 2017. Can't find a job, not even a Substitute post. I'm currently a cleaner/ domestic worker
SPUR Magazine issue #10 cover featuring "Rohan Kishibe Goes to Gucci", 2011.
On tap: MacKinnon Brothers, Beau's, Steam Whistle, Mill St. Organic, Keith's and Blue Light. It's miserable
I don't care any more. I just wanna enjoy my OTP and the block &amp; mute buttons exist
bruh 340 followers wit like 4 posts
terence mckenna an chill??
oof the way they went silent
"Had California and Germany invested $680 billion into new nuclear power plants instead of renewables like solar and
I mean doesn't sound too bad after all, for the content creators and rlcs players but tbh I don't
bruh texans are wildin bruhSR 670 Introduced In memory of Bill Scudder.
Not even the best centre half in his league, yikes
You can't be who used to be and who you're going to be at the same time.
Today's huge victory is same as that of 1971. No one in the world, including us, knows what we exactly won.
damn ma chill with them emojis
Huge victory for Pak Diplomacy at the UN...as superpowers recognise #Kashmirstruggle —paradigm shift in their stance
there fam it should be gucci now
Ya know l heard a story over the weekend about a guy who set fire to a house because a girl turned
The concepts of white pride and the various prides of subjugated communities, from sex to race to gender, are so far
Same
So good I had to share! Check out all the items I'm loving on #poshmark #fashion #style
Just need one more Barca corner for the corners but safe to say we need a lot more for the bet!
seems the people who say of African Americans who are shot by police "they should have just complied" are the
You're corrupt. You lied repeatedly. Your credibility is shot.
Do y'all see this racism
• Will you like to implement SEO on your website? • Will you like us to carry out a SEO Check on your website? We
BREAKING: Elizabeth Warren Has just called on William Barr to resign and for Congress to begin impeachment proceedings
Alan: "I feel for you this morning because you're surrounded by Spurs!" David: "Yeah, I can take it... I'll bring my
Some devastating news out of Ohio. Four members of a Sikh family were shot dead in their apartment yesterday. There was
mood
Imagine if this was City fans. First thing you'd be tweeting is "Not all City fans are like this, don't tar
The way women stick around in fuked up relationships men do the same... More women than men but these nxggas will a grudge forever lmaooo
Usain Bolt has a higher testosterone level than his peers which gives him a natural advantage and nobody is complaining about
bruh texans are wildin bruhSR 669 Introduced In memory of Barbara Ann Carraway Alexander.
Hes either 12 or autistic, I sent him a nice dm.
Twitch dont give af as long as they get paid
We're looking like a snacc.
We really all lived the same childhood in different houses
I bet you a Penny, picks him up
Lmfaooooawww
i placed an online order, but then realized the stores are having extra 30% off sale items. Can u match them?
It's funny how the people you cheer the loudest for are dead silent when it's your turn in the spotlight. But no worries.
the greatest content creator squad- 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6.
Love my little squad
On Yom HaShoah we remember the six million Jews killed in the Holocaust. I've lit a candle for Gyorgy Farkas who died
250K Kurds dead since 100 years of Turkish oppression policies. 15 Kurdish political prisoners declared #DeathFast to end
i always hurt my own feelings by expecting the same energy i give
BLOWOUTJobs Report Says Private Payrolls Skyrocketed by 275,000 in April vs 185,000 Predicted; DEMS &amp; MSM Obsessed with Dead
He finally came out with the truth in my dm #stillantilgbt
SAME HOPEFULLY MY PARENTS FONT MAKE ME SELL THEM KSKS
people who don't know the context behind ''I love you 3000'' watching me cry about seokjin saying he loves us 3000
why does ur bitter ass follow me smh
bruh texans are wildin bruhSR 668 Introduced Recognizing Kenneth and Millie Cooper on the occasion of their

Nobody cares how many men you curve everyday. You are a grown ass woman. Shut the fuck up.
Justin Bieber said "y'all better know I'm finna come wit a smash" in March and just a month later, look what's
If u tryna be like this hmu
Here's the full song "We Didn't Start the Fire" the Endgame cast made with on
Susie, we're sorry about that! Please send us a DM so we can learn more about your experience. Thanks!
We'll be watching this case closely. Saima didn't actually name you to be a rapist. So the argument is whether or
Dean Winchester Cas
Dominic Toretto himself, appears to CONFIRM that John Cena will join the squad for 'Fast and the Furious 9'
DM TO SPIN!!
Yes, Evasion and invincibility both give a form of invincibility but that does not mean that they
Also, so weird that &amp; Democrats now seem so concerned about Rod Rosenstein overseeing the Mueller Probe when
BREAKING: Elizabeth Warren Has just called on William Barr to resign and for Congress to begin impeachment proceedings
Who is Marcus Richardson and whoever you are dm me real fast
MOOD: #WeLoveYouSANA
So the liar ex-con Fiona Onasanya has been forced to stand down by her constituents in Peterborough. The
Yikes. Another exit. At this rate it really be The Gemma Show
This same guy wants Hillary to testify again on Benghazi.
People: Trump: roast everyone on daily basis
she needs to blow tbh
I'm the same - my Labour MP is who is a good person and who has tried his best - but now any vote for
Now playing After The Love Has Gone by Earth Wind &amp; Fire!
Sugar baby needed just DM me on here or through my number 442-274-0829 and I get to spoil you
So Joe Biden's son Hunter was dating his dead brother's wife?? That whole family is CREEPY! WTF!
he had absolutely no right looking this good while half the universe was dead NONE
you won't get the same me twice
Attorney General William Barr is my favorite Trump appointment. He is a SAVAGE gentleman.
It's on Netflix in Europe. Airs a new episode there every week. So
You let niggas finger you with weed crumbs and ass flakes under their finger nails and it shows.
Going out and returning home safely is underrated tbh.
Charlotte, NC Baltimore, MD West Chester Township, OH Birmingham, AL Nashville, TN Jackson Jackson, MI Poway, CA
Sugar baby needed just DM me on here or through my number
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
DM me
I already saw it then DM ME
[JAVHD] Yui Nanase Asian and her busty girlfriends play with same boner
For #PSPWednesday here's an extended battery cover. It lets you use a phat battery in a slim model and get a few extra
Rep. Ilhan Omar asserted "This is not going to be the country of white people" during a rally in DC yesterday.
Marry dead brother's widow. #ThesePeopleAreSick
BREAKING: Elizabeth Warren Has just called on William Barr to resign and for Congress to begin impeachment proceedings
BIG MOOD
Unfriend me on facebook? Wow, you really showed me. #smh
mood
Yes fam
Words fail me. Where do they find these dickheads?
I swear i wish i could piss on x killer i hope he find peace with himself doe i miss x so much bruh
Q Endgame? Conned libsocism Spectrum peeps All is predicted &amp; fulfilled in our
The answer is Mitch. You and he have the somewhat same low approval ratings. Hopefully we can
Also, so weird that &amp; Democrats now seem so concerned about Rod Rosenstein overseeing the Mueller Probe when
It's confusing af
F/A Flex Team that will strat and stick Chill people only.
Mood: just kinda soft and fat and happy
Bruh I swear everyday y'all come #onhere and find new shit to complain about. Stfu and listen to my mixtape.
It will be amazing if the camerawork will be done by big hit tonight.... boy with luv dont deserve a basic
"Wear something casual, nothing too extra" me:
The Sonic Movie is just a sequel to Hop or at the very least takes place in the same universe. You can't convince me
"Liverpool don't want to lose this game by 3 goals" - blistering cutting edge analysis as usual from notorious rabbit
EVERY TIME I see someone posting "Stan *Insert K-Pop group here*" with a video it's always basically the same clip of
when my mutuals dm me asking if they want to be friends
some people just watch endgame because they wanna join the "hype" you will not understand or enjoy the movie if you skipped
rt , dm #img20plus
U.N.C. Charlotte Shooting Leaves 2 Dead and 4 Wounded
I watched the #borderlands3 gameplay reveal on ign's channel and holy shit that was the worst chat I've ever
Me af.
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
They're supposed to think the same thing as anybody
mood
Why on earth would that be Laura? You're as predictable as morning following night, can't you just
I hope I win, I'm number 150. IKONIK pls
is the only person with a lit persona on YT tbh
big mood
You fuck people's dead moms? You got issues, dude.
dm me
Check out this beautiful home! Magnificent, renovated, detached 3-bedroom home with parking! The extra-wide,
Ah yea, I have done plenty of warehouse jobs (not much else in certain areas of NV lol)
And there you have it. Representative Omar just publicly praised ISIS, a terrorist group that has tortured and
The little kids car in the back has me dead
YAAAALLLLLLL!!!!! RT TO BE ADDED TO THE NEW LIT GC "TRAP HOUSE ANTHEM"!!!!!!!! Must be : Following me Following
Where is Tormund Giantsbane?
TBH Liverpool isnt doing too badly... 2 weeks Ago at the Battle of Camp Nou... The Dothrakis of England Manchester
i love you and i love you 3000 are two totally different things
roger always tryna expose me smh
Idk bro it is fire
you overwater plants b/c you don't know how to stop giving. you're considerate &amp; caring &amp; you try so hard for ppl who
You know I realy don't get it Seaworld has never made a fault. It's always the #Orca slaves who have a bad mood, or the
Don't mess!!!!!
Vidal is the most useless players in Barca squad #BARLIV
My daughter is learning currently so understand the dilemma. For her, now second time being
Tackle a Barca player and they roll as if they've been shot dead. Appalling.
He's probably being dead ass serious if I know Jose lol
The whole "idc" act is dead. You dont have emotions? Thats ok. go be toxic elsewhere
another white man went on a shooting rampage &amp; there's footage of him laughing while being taken into custody
12 surprisingly salty foods:
she just wanna chill?
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
My current mood on some fuck a nigga shit I got my own bag I can ice my one wrist
keep your energy focused on your goals and ambitions
Las Vegas peeps! If you don't have plans tonight and wanna see my friend host the Billboard Music
Draymond had LeBron eyes looking like that too. Nigga dead ass be digging in his butt before games
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
The issue with approaches like this is that rather than ~challenging stereotypes~, you actually reproduce the same
My mom bought me NKOTB tickets for 5/8/19 they were my very first concert I ever went to....bet Donnie won't pick
so i just realised smth,,, tony's children morgan and peter have the same initials as the two most important women in
We're very sorry to hear that you've been having this experience. Receiving notifications like this
SAME
For sure. This is why athletes shouldn't base their choices on who the coaches are. And maybe that wasn't
Very technical and hard working tbh
smol line for ceci 2018
JIN JUST SAID.... I LOVE YOU 3000 TO US... MARVELARMYS....
I am sure you are right . . . but let us all keep pushing on the frontiers here, because progress
same
The same thing they did to Kavanaugh. It will backfire on them.
How about you...not hoard money? The rich don't give AF and it would be funny if it weren't so disgusting.
Before they debuted, all wished for the same thing. And so, three years later, their wishes continues to
i am freaking out, I PASSED THE ENTRANCE EXAM TO MY DREAM SCHOOL ASDFGHJKL I AM SO FREAKING HAPPY!!!! I DID IT FOR
Bro that bitch lit!
Oh yeah same don't think I'll ever recover from endgame
In Tharaka Nithi the residents have killed and set on fire the body of their chief. Undeterred they aso killed the OCS
Just putting this out there - please share with anyone to whom it may be relevant! I would LOVE to receive pitches
Jerry Nadler created total chaos during the House Judiciary hearing on the Mueller report Thanks Jerry for the
Well, I bet Penny Mordaunt's glad she never quit over Chequers - Great appointment
Always got someone who thinks they are involved in the investigations
Unbelievable. #Barr is saying that the fact that President Trump didn't like the investigation was a legitimate ground
If you can't be in a relationship with this person and make it work then how the fuck yu gone go be in another 1
*applies eyeliner to left eye* *applies eyeliner to right eye* *evens out left eye* *evens out right eye* *evens out
Massive. Downright disrespectful to the character and the fans of the show.
everyone remembers tiduslaugh.mp4 but forgets that every line in that game has that same delivery
I promise you somebody took that same situation you're in rn and bodied it. Find a solution
Crazy you named the song after what im finna do if somebody ever play this around me
dating me is like when you find out the song you've skipped for the past week is actually fire.
Congratulations to all involved! An amazing opportunity! Well done to the incredibly dedicated pupils and staff,
[] This is the biggest fucking mood
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
The rave mom/dad trying to lead the rest of the squad out of the crowds
Big mistake! As the old saying goes, "You can't claim to have won even though you lost if you don't play."
Dead of Night (@fightingfantasy #40, 1989). Based on the gamebook cover art. I had to guess a few finer details of this
Can we just watch Brown Sugar and chill.
U'LL GET TIDDIES SOON i had to do a headshot first dhdjdjdj i wanna do a pinup w/ Vrishkar too tbh.....big biddies
Best-selling books of 2018: Michelle Obama's "Becoming" -- 3.4 million "Magnolia Table" -- 1.3 million "Girl, Wash Your
Fmr. CIA Director John Brennan: "I'm still waiting for those Republicans to realize that the ‘Trump ship' is a sinking one,
Why are people so convinced that marriage is the only way to gain access to a dead persons assets?
Absolutely lost for words. 23-22 victory vs in the final of the U18s Welsh Cup. Words can't sum up how
I literally TAPPED a car this morning in the school drop off line. Going approximately 5mph, &amp; no harm to her
mood
To keep the good karma goin... Get my personal SportsBetting picks today 100% FREE! Never bet before? Check out the where
I can't believe Mrs May is saying this. The #WithdrawalAgreement is not a deal! It is just
I think the same exact thing. Now we can't get away from cops as fast!
Hey can you kindly fuck off blocking files or links i send to my friends via DM ?, remove that
Fuck you holding up the whole damn division just to quit smh inconsiderate AF
Whoa!!!!! Remy chill!!!!
same honey
'What is Amazon Fire TV?': Everything you need to know about Amazon's media streaming devices
Avocado letting you know she's going to cost extra
and then it's so fucking annoying when you say something along the lines of not having friends or
That's a fight I'm not getting into. It's sickening tbh.
1st things 1st I usually confused this song with We will survive off the I AM album which paid tribute to BIG &amp;
good to see u in happy mood
Also, these arent mine, but I've been listening to them a lot lately: [Chill-hop? Using remixed voice

mood bc it is now finals week
Some of d temples hv extra-sp type of vibrations tht one can experience if visited with full faith
Aye vato where you from tho ?
percy pigs: we removed the gelatine so everyone can eat them :) they taste the same don't worry gelatine is flavourless
"Wear something casual, nothing too extra" me:
Herndon's Choice Pre-Apprenticeship Barber Mentor Project is looking for young men aged 12-16 to join our
ok but if you havent laughed yet today, here is vixx performing fantasy in the most extra costumes youll ever see
Thrilled to announce LEGEND OF THE FIRE PRINCESS, an original graphic novel with NEW content including a BIG REVEAL!
she's probably forgotten about it tbh
brUh
mood
But also his retirement allowed me to achieve 2 of my lifetime goals - Get 1k before Biggy Get a title Biggy
Lol someone got real grumpy over something and went to dislike all my latest videos. Err ok. Not only me that's
And I recommend SUCKING the salted caramel one as when the little bitty bits
Get woke, go broke.
Best nugget I've read of Williamson sacking: he kept a tarantula called Cronos on his desk to add extra menace. What a dick.
Racist teachers and heads of school all had the same micro aggression handbook.
I won't name them, but the person who said it clearly lacks the confidence in achieving whatever
Same old question every single time whenever one truth seeker
tbh i only crave cereal at night
Mood
My mom told me the same thing. That it has to be like that from the beginning cause it's not going to change. Thus I only
POV: u walk into class and the same group of musical theatre kids are at it again
Barr just admitted he did not look at the evidence in the Mueller report. Nor did Rosenstein. Nor did anyone in the
Same
i found a MOLAR on the woods path yesterday (ok, its quartz but it totally looks like tooth.
This timelime has been kinda dead recently what goes on
I just read the statement from on the decision to fire Noah Carl and it's so outrageous that I still can't
AG Barr is arguing, with a straight face, that Trump telling the White House Counsel to lie about the time Trump
I HATED how I looked at prom last year and I just know it's going to be the same this year what's even the point in going
I woke up as a bad bitch again! ugh life is so hard
"This one understands your logic, but does not reach the same conclusion" × D'Vorah ×(N)sfw rp ×I have irl problems
MONTREAL TONITE
Dead. Baby. Sharks. In. Jars. If you think this is wrong, please retweet and support a film that will make it history:
lil uzi vert: checked my dm found out she was a man...! can't dm ever ever again Trans people:
Lmao them niggas all look like bums and it definitely look like he coulda took them all out one on one. Jumping

Andy Nyman's accent seems to be on a round the world trip though, which is entertaining and frustrating all at the same time.
Peeps hate Bran because they think he should actually do something to avoid some of this strife. But that's
Anime blushing is so cute that sometimes I wish it worked the same in real life.
Wendy's owner is a big Trump donor who refuses to pay an extra penny per pound of tomatoes so that farm laborers can
One could say he made things worse. If he hadn't charged the Night King, he might not have raised the dead
He call me wet Aquafina
Do you ever feel ok but you're empty at the same time &amp; you just want to talk to someone but you feel annoying so you
yea - all crypto/blockchain peeps love the karaoke.
#BafeletseKaeBo we going to go to the same university, live together then get married with 5 kids
Dm the prompts i can help
Booty pics for sale. Dm if interested
BREAKING: At golf course in Westchester, NY, undocumented workers say Trump Org. managers exploited
Another unrealistic body standard being pushed on women smh
I promise you somebody took that same situation you're in rn and bodied it. Find a solution
If Winner and Red Velvet cb on the same time as GOT7. We really need to prepare big. They got digital on them and korea
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
I know I ain't perfect, but my love be real af.
Dom: I would walk through fire for Darlene Dom: Well, not fire because that's dangerous. But a super humid room Dom:
Oh baby, my baby Angel, I cant believe youre gone. I wish I could have given you one extra kiss the last time I saw you.
I was thinking much of the same thing. Spoiler-alert. If you've seen it, please continue. Or if you don't care
Avocado letting you know she's going to cost extra
Imagine telling someone who just saw Iron Man in 2008 that this scene where Captain America throws Mjölnir so Spider-Man
Days after four members of a Sikh family were found shot dead in their Ohio apartment, authorities are trying to find out who
Check out 3.75" Collectible Cube Extra Heavy Glass Tobacco Pipe Ornge Free Shipping
Seriously so tired of the poor me I get it ur judged by the actions of radicals of ur faith. I am too because of
They really don't give a fuck.
Fmr. CIA Director John Brennan: "I'm still waiting for those Republicans to realize that the ‘Trump ship' is a sinking one,
We can get the Smart Metering team to check if we have other adapters, please send us over
Fam, I got admitted to Columbia University for the MFA Writing Program. This course has been my dream in like forever.
Get that pussy nice and wet
Watch some of the top goals from the 2018/19 #Kurdistan Premier League. Which one is your favorite? #TwitterKurds
Hi! We're sorry to hear your order arrived without the returns slip. You can take it back to store
I'm not returning anyone's "same energy" that's below mine. I'm not about to lower my vibration to match your
The U.S. Navy sent its hospital ship USS Comfort to the region to help neighboring Ecuador deal
As I said this morning on I think guys like Barr have convinced themselves that saving Trump and the GOP
Somewhere inside of me, there's a small fire that keeps on burning and continually keeps me warm amidst the
Why should he? Mueller said in the phone call that he found nothing inaccurate in Barr's summary. Are you guys brain dead?
Barr didn't misquote Mueller. Unless there's some redacted portion of the actual Mueller report (which we've all read) that
wow txst and ut must be following the same protocols sksksks
Here (and in the next post) are two excellent pieces reminding us how the corporate media is not even trying to
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
IM DEAD
I was looking up the article that said Malaysians have the 39th most sexiest accent in the world according to a travel
I'll bet she would have minded if she were in the girl's shower and some guy walked in.
Same here!!
Meanwhile far too many pensioners can't even afford to visit the dentist
THATS HOW I WAS. I HID IN THE BATHROOM TBH
Athletic club to ‘cease operations'/ Boy, 9, shot, suspect sought/ Timeline for massive fire cleanup at state
Same
We'll be happy to check out the domain and see what's going on. Can you please send us a DM with your
For a limited time, save 30% on an annual Extra Crunch membership with code TWITTER30. Extra Crunch offers original
yeah... on top of that my opinion is that vegito is a bad character in this game so getting hit makes me extra salt.
1st May 2019 International Mesh Awareness Day My Surgery: 2005 TVT Retropubic Synthetic Mesh Implant, next day Pulmonary
Draymond had LeBron eyes looking like that too. Nigga dead ass be digging in his butt before games
Goals are meant to be celebrated by teams when they score. Does that mean an ex player is
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
mood.
Niggas too boujie to smoke a roach now?? Smh
Stop you're so CUTE
Thank you for reaching out to us with this information. We certainly understand the importance
It's prom season and I'm looking to help a family that's in need of somethings. If anyone's know a family the
percy pigs: we removed the gelatine so everyone can eat them :) they taste the same don't worry gelatine is flavourless
My legs are dead. 5k run now legit drinking alcohol to numb the pain
"Wear something casual, nothing too extra" me:
a mood
I can't think of a worse concept for an album than naming it after your dead aunt you never got to meet
Police exchange fire with alleged armed group in #Caracas #Venezuela
The twitter men cliques be so corny
SAME
Since everyone is talking about the Sonic Movie, I want to direct your attention to the opening cutscene from Sonic
If u tryna be like this hmu
"This one understands your logic, but does not reach the same conclusion" × D'Vorah ×(N)sfw rp ×I have irl problems
SAME
Benidorm was a funny old program, strangely crap but so watchable at the same time, very underestimated really.
Maiki asked the exact same thing and I just "it's fashion" because I didnt know either lmaooooo
y'all think anything that has to do with a man taking care of himself and keeping himself clean is gay and THAT is
SAME AF
Mama, just killed a man Put a gun against his head Pulled my trigger, now he's dead.
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
You must watch this show for its powerful and entertaining take down of for Cuomo's
ma pp grave mon mood
All the Petticoat Patrakars have been asked not to report this since MP is now a Congress ruled state.
Same at Landry's school.
Hello, from Santiago, Chile. I just sent you a DM with a problem with the item it was sent to me. Can
Hey there Janella, we'd hate to see you go! :O Please flick us a DM with your details so we can
If u tryna be like this hmu
Nigga playing with a coordinated squad of mobster Italian niggas that react to his clips at the same time?
Still helping out financially this week RT and Dm for $600 each struggling people
"Wear something casual, nothing too extra" me:
The piano is fire wood Times Square is a dream
New pics from #GameofThrones S8 E4 shows the North burning the dead and getting ready for war with #Cersei
she's mine, our ship name is fat
We lit yellow candles for 5 victims of the Holocaust: Sane Mark, 39, of USSR. . Meyer Menist, 37, of Netherlands. Mara
I would love to see a discussion fo why the American media gave 1000x more coverage to an Ebola outbreak in Africa in
And if anybody identifies the guy in it, I hide for five minutes Come back, shoot the eyewitness Fire at the
said he gunna dm back on twitter hopefully ily
LOL same
Some1 pls hmu so bored
maybe when it seems that the winner of the social artist award seems to be the same artist consecutively, they announce
So please don't wake me from this dream, baby. We're still together in my head. And you're still in love with me,
Lol I love it
If u tryna be like this hmu
When ur fam doesn't approve of ur outfit
I do request Pics &amp; Vids. HMU with your fantasy!
D8 will never be the same where else are you gonna peel in the back of a vape shop and buy gargle out of the side of
This new price point is super wild. For a few extra bucks i got these and the Bred 19s in the DMP pack
I'm up to $100! Only $200 to go
Great point. Lawyers, in particular, tend to take great pains to not vilify or criticize their
It's hard being a real nigga and a princess at the same time.
Oof I gotta hold my breath
"He had a few things he wanted to do, so I thought I'd help him out." How pop superstar helped Richard
What have they done
Tbh if you want you can skip the hulk movie it's shit
Smh now i can say i done seen it all
2. a character i relate to. ummmmmmmmmmmm lisa bandori because she loves to brighten the mood and she just wants
Any horny girl want to see my big cock? Dm or like #cocktribute #cumtribute #wank #wanktribute #cockslut
Regina SK Weather, Temp:10.9ºC; Dew:-7.4ºC; Pressure:1018.80hPa.; Wind:1/kph@313.0 Wind Chill:10.9°C
me bumping the same song I've listened to about 456 times already
Aye - But May never said he did. Just said it was more likely to have been. All those spying entities available -
Today was the day that I decided to take a closer look at Kamala Harris as president. She was on
Just a reminder that on June 7 &amp; 8th 1972 Bhutto's Gov got police to fire on workers demanding their rights peacefully in
Check out Glass Extra Heavy 3.5"-4" Drum Chillium Heavy Glass Pipe Pink
Grip the base then bounce up and down my fat shaft .. I hear the sound of your sticky wet pussy grip with each stroke
tgcf ch 158 / / / / xl: who cares about this half dead man stuck in the wall when san lang is suddenly MISSING
So the liar ex-con Fiona Onasanya has been forced to stand down by her constituents in Peterborough. The
Archie does the same.....I'm convinced we understand each other....
Photoshopping smh
mood
Rep. Ilhan Omar asserted "This is not going to be the country of white people" during a rally in DC yesterday.
We really all lived the same childhood in different houses
I buy backwoods from the same store all the time and they ask me the same shit EVERYTIME
Same - solid like....
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
mood
Is anyone going to jump to the defence of the officer who was assaulted by 2 males completely unprovoked. A few days ago a
"I voted yes" has me tickled cuz same.
can't stop laughing at the idea that the collective noun for a group of vapers is the same as the container
Brush it's fake blue bath tub to white smh
These barca shirts are some dead quality,ripping everywhere
6. kira nerys from ds9 dm me
I promise you somebody took that same situation you're in rn and bodied it. Find a solution
Tbh im off now muddascunt time to get LIT
LMFAOOOOO
sapnu puas oof when you find out text tricks
Same here
Meanwhile far too many pensioners can't even afford to visit the dentist
DM me!
Bill Barr helped end the Iran-Contra investigation... not because he thought it was unjust but because it
#WATCH: Check out the #VoterFraud &amp; #ElectionFraud perpetrated by the Democrats! This is the very same Democrat
Literally don't get invited to do anything feel like I ain't got a best mate tbh
Same way, Frontier Corps balochistan isn't part of Pakistan army and Naxals are fighting for
Those things and fire are the only way to kill Wights. To have been resurrected a second time he
Wordddddd
Reaction from congress - .. such
Anyone willing to live stream me raw thoughts show ill even pay, sadly ill be stuck in the uk for the next
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
Mia's tarot cards told me to take a step back from other people because I have enough inner wisdom for myself so if
Lindsey Graham, who once called Trump a "jackass" and a "kook" who would get absolutely pummeled in the general election,
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
percy pigs: we removed the gelatine so everyone can eat them :) they taste the same don't worry gelatine is flavourless
never will i judge a dude by what type of car he drives or how much money he has as long as he got goals none of that
oo i think it might be a fire iron (?)
We deliver yummy and sumptuous cupcakes to ur door steps ! Vanilla box of 12 4k Redvelvet box of 12 6k
Mood
I blame split the fare tbh
It's date night &amp; I'm having a mini private listening session of project.All I can say is that it's fire!
It's okay not to resonate with people, places or things anymore. No one stays the same and if leveling up requires
Me sitting at home hungry af thinking bout that one time 6 years ago I stupidly didn't finish my meal
SMH at the queers watching game of thrones instead of killing eve live
What a hypocrite: While Trump demonizes immigrants, his New York country club exploits undocumented workers and steals
BIG MOOD
me bumping the same song I've listened to about 456 times already
Light up a Marlboro 72, Doctor will tell you to do the same thing.
In the mood for another dirty techno night
Dont dis chilis like that... smh
people who don't know the context behind ''I love you 3000'' watching me cry about seokjin saying he loves us 3000
Raz b arrested for Domestic Violence?? The same dude that was making jokes &amp; said theirs no excuse to put hands on a
Lol stick to pizza
RockStar Games Begins Imprisoning Programmers For ‘Red Dead Redemption 3'
Dope RT this is very important to me
bro middle schoolers are so annoying. they're the exact same as we were at that age but they have more social
THE DEFINITIVE GUIDE TO AGILE 1. Every project is broken up into five phases: Disco, Alpaca, Beatings, Live, Regret 2.
Suga Focus Bet Yoongi has always been fluent in English. He just didn't know himself. Chill, smiley, swag, shy,
Yeah it has warranty, I am just incredibly disappointed with it. Since it cost close to 3K euro. The
My prediction : Barcelona will score 2 goals #UCL #FCBLIV
find a person who shares his day like this and never let him go .
27 April 2019 #GodofAbraham #Jesus Report All US Presidents living and dead are War Criminals #Legendary
Mileena makeup timelapse on and behind the scenes vid is up on my Youtube Channel!
IM DEAD
LMFAO nah u letting em have it today
I promise you somebody took that same situation you're in rn and bodied it. Find a solution
I'm so glad you like it! It was hell to match it all together tbh
Yass!! &lt;3
And as an extra bonus, is doing Maddow tonite.
I wanna yeet myself
Teachers don't have basic resources they need while billionaires get massive tax breaks. That's a disgrace.
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
Fmr. CIA Director John Brennan: "I'm still waiting for those Republicans to realize that the ‘Trump ship' is a sinking one,
i just bought a ton of pastel shirts and i think and her fashion choices are growing on me, and tbh i'm 300% okay with this.
This account right here
"Wear something casual, nothing too extra" me:
Tonight my family lit candles to commemorate 2 children aged 10 and 7 who were murdered in the holocaust and those
I worry too much smh
Meg Myers can roast me alive and I'd be the happiest
Crazy you named the song after what im finna do if somebody ever play this around me
Only way Houston finna beat KD
Run Spring Day Lie Wings Fire Serendipity #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
Day 5 (1/5/19): Grateful that I did some adulting shit like called the tax people (&amp; yay gonna get some tax
I want some just ship it to me in my PO Box. It's like communion in church but sub cake
RT if you are loving AG Barr teach basic law to political Democrats who hate Trump more than they love America
Lindsey Graham, who once called Trump a "jackass" and a "kook" who would get absolutely pummeled in the general election,
a mood
There are four questions of value in life... What is sacred? Of what is the spirit made? What is worth living "for,
True! You are very right! If for one is dead please don't try to revive it,where
If you ever wonder what happens to dead Democrat politicians.
I Dm a girl while back she thought it was funny but was talking to some guy I feel like I should check in
Same!!!
Why interview only Hindu???? Why not Republic Tv..... Arnab Mukherjee still searching you for the same.
Hmu if you trynna be like this
Oh dude don't sweat that. As long as it's directly in the heart we gucci
Today in Parliament got twitter to admit that "terf" is a gendered word (and, I'd add, one applied with no
Woke up horny asf even though I had already fucked out two nutts prior. Hit up who had 4 loads in him already.
chris dog dead inside oasis is gay kanye west i hate setlist zef mommy a orange albarn ate my best friend If it
same dude and the guy is a cool dude
Relationship goals
i was gonna day the same thing
imma u lol shut up
Imagine being old on the internet smh
raise ur hand if you're a grown ass adult and you still have the same subway order as when you were 6
ik wil dit doen tbh
Your wearing a fat Ass gold chain but you gotta walk to your girls house smh
The US Senate is finally looking into this crucial issue of security of supply of #Lithium for #Energy #rEvolution
Boozer is such a great character. As well as
Idk what you said but tiddies fire
Ever want to check out a fire station? Visited before but the kids didn't get enough? Look no further – our open houses
Don't worry we don't need our boys with stank pussy anyways plus taes Gucci good we're it's at
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
mood
A mood.
Nazi's were far left Socialist is what they were and there was nothing Nationalist about Hitler - he invaded
Indonesia's squad list in Sudirman Cup 2019 What do you think? Only 3 WD players but 3 XD pairs. No Della, Rizki and
Oof nvm you are miserable
mood
These niggas will not stop! Next thing you know BT21 finna make HOUSES.
"Dead Jared and Deader Jared"
poor she is just a feckless fool along the sinking ship
Finally, we have a real Attorney General! He's cool under fire from the idiots we call rapid partisan Democrat Senators!
Thank you to all the fans around the world for being part of our universe. We love you 3000. #AvengersEndgame
Also, so weird that &amp; Democrats now seem so concerned about Rod Rosenstein overseeing the Mueller Probe when
WHAT DO USE YOUR PHONE? INCOME GENERATING ACTIVITIES OR SPENDING ACTIVITIES. DM LETS MAKE MONEY USING OUR PHONES
If you're too scared to dm me. I give you permission to send my initial tribute ($40) to any of my payment methods.
You may be dealing with hopelessness, battling with depression, thinking about suicide, battling with joblessness &amp;
William Barr is exactly the kind of Republican that Democrats say they respect. Yet when he doesn't do exactly what
Avocado letting you know she's going to cost extra
jack gilinsky defense squad; UNITE !
Wrong Ilhan. One Helps People In Cars, The Other Blows Them up.
Neighbors about 100 yards from the fire at a North Knoxville recycling center are leaving their home. #WATE
Awww poor thing and yet we field workers are in a struggle working in a position you and every other people won't
lf I wake up from getting my mf wisdom teeth removed and my dentist doin this smh
Clearly Barr hasn't read the whole #MuellerReport which explains why he's so resistant to allowing House Judiciary
On Yom HaShoah we remember the six million Jews killed in the Holocaust. I've lit a candle for Gyorgy Farkas who died
Just putting this out there - please share with anyone to whom it may be relevant! I would LOVE to receive pitches
Don't show this to Shawn
My dad's dead, asshole.
omg I am excited for bts performing boy with luv and they are getting the production they deserve oof
the last part is how your phone screen looks like when u just woke up and got up too fast
I bet you're jealous that this one isn't stained from overuse, aren't you.
mood
McManaman: "The fans here are so protective of Messi. You're not allowed to foul him. To kick him" No, you're are not,
You'll be gucci
mood
Hey i need a duo for the world cup this weekend my duo is out of town. Please be NAW Have 6+ months scrim exp

mood for the rest of May:
"He had a few things he wanted to do, so I thought I'd help him out." How pop superstar helped Richard
My young and handsome cousin Bilal Masoud was injured by ruthless Israeli bullets during the #GreatReturnMarch in #Gaza
the fact that there are fully grown adults SEETHING WITH RAGE over the fact that percy pigs don't contain gelatin anymore
Appreciation Post- She is just the right mixture you were seeking! She is Dominating as well as nurturing at
RT if you are loving AG Barr teach basic law to political Democrats who hate Trump more than they love America
Doing some fishing and chill with the wife and a buddy!
Bet ill watch
I like how Boom sonic is just drinking a soda and he's just holding up a Wil E. Coyote sign, that's
Has Barr been asked under oath if he's read the entire text of the Mueller report? He can't answer basic questions
That is what moving to LA does, and they can't even control it
Take our people out your filthy mouth. We know what you are, we have no interest in your crocodile tears. Yom HaShoah is
Stay focused on your dreams! #WednesdayWisdom #AskCoachChris #Love #Success #Financial
I can speak inside my head in the same way I speak with my mouth. I can have thoughts, some in
I KNOW RIGHT. THEY LITERALLY TRYNA TELL ME CP HENTAI AND CO AINT THE SAME
Y'all ever just wish certain people would disappear?? Bc same.
Remember this, or were you in an abstract mood when you said this? Absolutely pathetic excuse.
They can both fook off tbh!
Steve McQueen in a heartbeat.
that seems like the only sensible resolution tbh
we both dyed our hair red and are addicted to coffee are you sure we're not the same person?
See sometimes I think I'd enjoy DM'ing, but then I remember my first extended exposure to D&amp;D was
Good step
Not dead just stressed. #Ninjago #Mermay
I promise you somebody took that same situation you're in rn and bodied it. Find a solution
Been seeing your tweets from afar, just wanted to let you know I feel the same exact way as you do on
Mood
Doing the same thing expecting different results is insanity
U ever paying attention in class and still be completely lost bc same
Women are often not rewarded at the same rate as their male colleagues even for comparable education or
BREAKING: Elizabeth Warren Has just called on William Barr to resign and for Congress to begin impeachment proceedings
BREAKING: Video from a dash cam captures the moment of the explosion at St. Anthony Church in Colombo, Sri Lanka. At
Al punch ur shoes af dafty
im so fuckin tired i just feel drained af
the fan saying "kyungsoo-yah, i really love you kyungsoo-yah..." with a close to crying voice is such a whole fat mood
Today's huge victory is same as that of 1971. No one in the world, including us, knows what we exactly won.
I have tickets for Tribeca Talk with Rashida Jones this evening at 6 pm. Plus I have tickets for the screening of
every catfish and the bottlemen song is the exact same but completely different at the same time eh
Send me your white wife/girlfriend's photos. DM is open for everyone. DM me ! Your women want us. You know that very
I can't even pee in peace because someone is playing loud K-pop at 2 in the morning
A wiser Opposition would also call for an inquiry into the underlying Huawei infrastructure decision.
i wish i had the same kind of friendship as holly golightly with paul varjak which will turn into a relationship
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
Kamala Harris rapid fire line of questioning obliterated the last shred of Barr's credibility This is why everyone is
Hey there, Oliver! If you send us a DM here on Twitter with your the case number of the support
#lrt op went to todamgol, and the owner/staff(?) there said that he always sat at the same spot on the same room, and the
mood
#UnsignedHour Check out another dope playlist from
percy pigs: we removed the gelatine so everyone can eat them :) they taste the same don't worry gelatine is flavourless
Even though I just borrow Mom's car, she won't pay the extra to get the VGK plates no matter how much I beg her to.
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
Epic will die off once Fortnite dies. Sure epic has a few popular games,
Dead. Baby. Sharks. In. Jars. If you think this is wrong, please retweet and support a film that will make it history:
Has Barr been asked under oath if he's read the entire text of the Mueller report? He can't answer basic questions
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
Our shaku shaku is on fleek guys. Zanku tooo
Our first look at Scott County manhunt suspect 28-year-old Timothy Manuel. Sheriff says he pointed a rifle at an officer
If you bae ...... you gotta seal these with a kiss so Ik it's real
BREAKING: Elizabeth Warren Has just called on William Barr to resign and for Congress to begin impeachment proceedings
I feel the same way and I'm not really sure why. I think it may be because the last episode was hyped
Dude looks tired af
Snapchat low key falling off
here
Draymond had LeBron eyes looking like that too. Nigga dead ass be digging in his butt before games
But at the same time, it somewhat resembles the source material. It's accurate in scale, it's very poseable, and
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
Dawg I'm bored af
The hearing ends on a fitting note -- with Barr stonewalling 's effort to conduct basic oversight of his job
can dany at least put her arm in the fire or something? a hand? sit in it for a little bit?? anything just show these
remember when * said "you won't lose me if you stay" and then left ... yeah same
NOPE! He's going down! You're just too blind to see! When someone says
Pussy wet, diamonds on my neck! Imma hot girl so I make these bitches sweat. If you're fuckin' with me then you're
FWA BADGE PICK UP ORDERS 3 head shot badges open $35 2 chibi full body badges open $45 Comes high quality printed
31- the only naruto ship
Bruh. What. The. Fuck.
High key annoyed today
everybody's having a villaneve meltdown!!! how can we cope when we get the actual scene oh my god i don't think i can
so I have been told my dubsmashes were legendary, so here's a little throwback in honour of my marvel fam.
SKSKS SAME
also lil bbmas spoiler (not really) but y'all remember bts stages in america? like no decor and absolutely no flavor, it was
not that anyone cares/will notice lol but im not gonna be on twitter for the next month or so. if u need me just dm me
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
Woke Christianity is basically Scientology. We know you better than you know yourself, you can't possibly become
CAN YALL STOP WITH THOSE HUGE SCROLL DOWN TWEETS IM GONNA FUCKING LOSE MY CHILL BRO GIMME A KITKAT
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
Having the same "thirst" for each other &gt;
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
But I bet you can't score on anyone that isn't the CPU lmao
Has Barr been asked under oath if he's read the entire text of the Mueller report? He can't answer basic questions
goals
They're literally killing Muslim Uyghurs there in China how y'all gon use China as an example and put it in the same sentence
Crews were call to Sierra Verde School around 10am after one teacher and 13 kids began to feel ill after smelling an
Curry:"Damn we down 10 bro" Draymond "BET"
Why No Public Outrage? Why Media Silent? Why Gadchiroli not important for a day even but Pulwama is for months? Because
Sharing same braincells #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
3/ Nobody likes to get a bad review: least of all one which hangs around like the smell of dead fish, for years. And
from the second i woke up this morning to now I've had that ging gang gooly gooly song in my head and quite frankly i have had enough
YAAAALLLLLLL!!!!! RT TO BE ADDED TO THE NEW LIT GC "TRAP HOUSE ANTHEM"!!!!!!!! Must be : Following me Following
are all three of the jonas brothers going to be sitting on the same chair
they're the same age but the height difference uwu
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
we did one-on-one discussion with our instructor today to talk about our strengths and goals and I knew I was
i'm really liking these independent candidates — focussed on climate action, integrity and genuinely standing up for their
MOOD
Dooo I have an extra ticket to see BTS this Sunday. It in section 20 row 69. Any Army interested PM me! #BTSARMY
If yall pussy so wet, why yall kids be born with eczema?
James Forest - Goals 11, Assists 9, POTY nomination James Tavernier Goals 13, Assists 14, no POTY nomination Taverneir
Just say yikes and move on with your life
clout chasers smh
In your mind William Barr, current Attorney General at DOJ, lying to Congress about
[HANTEO 190430] Bae Jinyoung #Hard_To_Say_Goodbye 24:00 KST: 10,720 copies. Total accumulated: 41,536 copies. [2nd
WaWa sells a can of Longhorn for $2.17. Walmarks sells the same damn can for $5.58. Send the meteor.
Im actually really fukn excited to design mr toucan tbH!!!
It's May Day in Los Angeles. You don't have to be a red-band wearing communist to take a few moments and ponder the
same
Same sis!
same... its so pretty and cute hhhh
Well excuse us Moneybag Yo, but who in the hell finna willingly &amp; proudly pay $14 for a pack of skittles &amp; a small
Pls Kindly RT until someone that's thinking of getting a nice portrait for a Birthday gift, Wedding or Anniversary sees
InSight Lander Captures a Sunset on Mars via NASA #facelyft has a #fomo cure that is out
Las Vegas peeps! If you don't have plans tonight and wanna see my friend host the Billboard Music
Giveaway time! Stock up on gold with the new special offer! In order to enter retweet this post. Please be following so I
Yikes. Night Twitter. I'm done for today.
Till last night, EC website recorded 64.24% polling for #Odisha and 76.72% polling for #WestBengal. This morning
That jawn with Janet still dope as hell
you ugly ass yee-yee fuckers who claim to hate gay guys are the same mfkrs to try &amp; get head from a gay guy in the schools
Indian Army Soldiers in uniform are caught forcing voters to vote for .Downfall of a nation is when men in
Why No Public Outrage? Why Media Silent? Why Gadchiroli not important for a day even but Pulwama is for months? Because
Alan: "I feel for you this morning because you're surrounded by Spurs!" David: "Yeah, I can take it... I'll bring my
In mood to play dirty sister role
This baby sea turtle has a great adventure ahead, but that doesn't mean it can't come back home! Many sea turtle species will
HULKY PREDICT 4 0 GOALS BY #RAYGOAL AND A HAT TRICK BY WHO WILL
250K Kurds dead since 100 years of Turkish oppression policies. 15 Kurdish political prisoners declared #DeathFast to end
so he finna kill these niggas once again?
Oh I know about that girl. She was on Teen Mom back in 2012 - 13 and this guy I know was her
Same thing goes for you fellas. You 23 talking about "yeah man I got x amount of hoes". You also got no high
BREAKING: Elizabeth Warren Has just called on William Barr to resign and for Congress to begin impeachment proceedings
funny how some artist get dragged by western journalist for releasing 4 ver of one album but when a white western
Tbh, the first interview I ever saw of them was the puppy interview and at the time I had heard one song
CALLING ALL INFLUENCER Wanna review Sextoys &amp; get free stuff? Work with us and DM now ! Our web :
Lmao chill out bro
same
DEVELOPING: Massive Fire burning at recycling center in Knoxville, Tennessee; nearby residents being evacuated. Smoke
SAME I DONT UNDERSTAND
How much do you want to bet this man was raised Prot
It's a complete privilege to be able to contribute what was
Fam the nostalgia is real..
Me putting my life on hold a third time for this Uzi concert and not giving af
BIG OLE MOOD
This is amazing.
Big mood
Ok that's enough adulting for the day.
Honestly i might agree tbh
Another of our favourite wedding peeps, the beautiful Cat Barnes from South Lodge, an Exclusive Hotel &amp; Spa. She
So now Bill Barr too? Smh. Everybody who works with Trump eventually lies. And lies. And lies.
Twitter discussing the same topics brought up every three months vs. Twitter discussing Game of Thrones
mood
My top 10 1. Natasha Romanoff 2. Tony Stark 3. Carol Danvers 4. Valkyrie / Brunhilde 5.
Canucks writer and broadcaster Jason Botchford dead at 48 | CBC News
Anyone near me or traveling kind of near me on their way to #SCGRICH this weekend? If you are and can do a small favor for me, shoot me a DM
Summer mood
Commissions are open only paypal DM me on discord TheSuperSuperiorDan#0542 #Roblox #RobloxDev #robloxart
These lenient sentences for spies and traitors who compromised national security are amazing. There
Why No Public Outrage? Why Media Silent? Why Gadchiroli not important for a day even but Pulwama is for months? Because
"You're funny af" "You're super nice wow"
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
Kite is dead tho
rt,dm #img20plus
we all got that one person that can change our whole mood at anytime
Picture this: it's 2019, you're in a relationship where you both have admiration and respect for each other. You like each
me bumping the same song I've listened to about 456 times already
These niggas will not stop! Next thing you know BT21 finna make HOUSES.
Marvel: Don't Spoil The Endgame Also Marvel: Ayo bruh everyone type F in the chat for Tony
Available in sizes 39 and 40 Comes in a branded carton Nationwide delivery Send a DM to order
okay but same.
So much better than the real thing tbh
i'm confused didn't she say the next single is the title song of the album?? how have we guessed the album title but not
jimin just flexed his hot boyfriend, expensive car, and award show attendance in the Same Tweet.
A few entries by a German soldier fighting the Red Army at Stalingrad in 1942.Disgruntled that because they won't
AAC during the first round was electric. Let's bring that same intensity to Game 4 tonight! Weather permitting, Party
Mueller is pissed because the summary didn't include the generalized mood of his report. Well, tough. It's not the job of
It isn't my favorite topic because of how it has hit and our family but I don't want #ALS to be a
You can be rekt buy you'll never be as rekt as Joseph Lubin (@ConsenSys founder) after this encounter with
I luv mayo. Gimme a Subway sandwich and put extra mayo on that shit please ma'am
According to the definition of today James, I would say you are right. I learned at a
TAYLOR JUST DROPPED A LYRIC VIDEO OUT OF NOWHERE I BET THERE ARE CLUES IN IT BRB
i luv talking to people who got the same mindset as me
Not at this time leadership requires direction, planning, goals, problem solving, determination,
Also, so weird that &amp; Democrats now seem so concerned about Rod Rosenstein overseeing the Mueller Probe when
Oh shit that's pretty dope.
"Dread it, run from it, destiny all arrives the same" .....
I literally TAPPED a car this morning in the school drop off line. Going approximately 5mph, &amp; no harm to her
Hahaha was gunna post there same gif
Provin once again NYT/WaPo LIE about Barr as crybaby Mueller complains about media NOT Barr Meanwhile
i always hurt my own feelings by expecting the same energy i give
Watching (OVERNIGHT CHALLENGE) ON AIR MATTRESS IN MY POOL! GO WATCH LIKE AND SUBSCRIBE AND SMASH THAT
*Her in a clearly irritable mood* No one: Me: are you due on?
A nice downpour popping up on radar now over Leroy. You can use Rochesters only weather radar to track these
we need a rapper that's not afraid to fire up microsoft excel n get some fuckin spreadsheets done by friday afternoon
Dear god!
I want all gloves off during this potential debate... When did he cheat? How many
RT Who want to see me more.?RT Who want to fuck me.?RT Who want to lick my ass.? RT Who want to play with my ass.? RT
Luis Suárez has equalled Patrick Kluivert for international goals (25) at Barcelona, moving up to fifth place in the
Lisa Talbot talking about using #mindfulness tools to overcome a "learning curve that seemed like a learning
I'm graduating soon so it's fine (unless I fail my final exam which could
Do you want to know how dead the Mueller report is , and the Russian collusion narrative is? The unredacted version
mood
GAMEDAY!!! Come support our JENKS 7s Squad as they take on Bixby 7s Squad at 6:30 PM TONIGHT!!! Jenks Middle
Had an intense dream last night that ended with me telling this gypsy fortune teller in order for me to want to
Everything low key .
These niggas will not stop! Next thing you know BT21 finna make HOUSES.
so i just realised smth,,, tony's children morgan and peter have the same initials as the two most important women in
Shepherd smith did the same thing he should not be on Fox
The arguments is the same if the gun
I'm the only "influencer" dumb enough to use my own money to shill instead of demanding money 1k free money comp ends
You bet your ass im gonna try to go to the champs show in portland this summer
Safety — The Primal Need "Safe!" yells the umpire as the runner slides home. Safety. It's a primal, basic
i love astrology but i would never invade my friends personal space by talking about it to them lol. that's like
You should add 'working in conditions that won't kill you, because you're job's dangerous enough'.
Drama is all I ever see on my timeline anymore smh If I was sitting there pulling that shit calling someone out everyone would be on my ass
Levsky added a bet 'Fortaleza EC - Athlético Paranaense' with odds and prediction 1.77 to over +2.0, stake - 10/10
He's not confused about the facts Or anything else He's stunned at the stunningly dense "questions" the Dems keep
Tbh this movie is actually fun, despite John Leguizamo. Need to get stoned and rewatch it again sometime.
Obvs not 20$ a person, you don't even
So I have my economics exam and Shawn new song on the same day, it's gonna be an emotional roller coaster #IfICantHaveYou
it's fun af and even funnier when you're on with the right people lol
Look at the card and answer the #quiz: "Bob woke up late because he'd forgotten to set his alarm clock." What happened first?
I have come across this guy before. He is just a dolt. Apparently I am also not starving
Is it cool if we stop comparing fatphobia to antiblack racism because let me let u in on a lil secret that I assumed
Carbon emissions &amp; particulates emitted by cruise ships are caused by the quality of fuel used -
i suck at cuddling.. 3mins in and i be popping my ass out
Mood
Same bitch
attempt to align the backlash against her to the LGBTQ+ community/Ellen's come out story is despicable.
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
2006s REACH FIRST-EVER CUP SEMI-FINAL Congratulations to the Junior Academy 2006 squad, who have reached the Semi-Final
No one has this adulting figured out. The ones who make it seem like they have it all figured out are just great at acting
My teachers growing up couldn't get extra crayons for us. But we passing bills that are going to allow guns ?
So what Kyler Murray had scholarship to go there I bet
mood
Fmr. CIA Director John Brennan: "I'm still waiting for those Republicans to realize that the ‘Trump ship' is a sinking one,
TBH Liverpool isnt doing too badly... 2 weeks Ago at the Battle of Camp Nou... The Dothrakis of England Manchester
Chill out lads
Hollister as a "model". It paid $7.25 an hour. 10 years later, I came back as a manager and it's a lot better now.
SMH bullet you don't shut and I'll make sure you never get shot again
This just in, DOTA2. This is going to be one hell of a party!
EVeryday u wake up to see Anoda day in Nigeria give thanx fam as much as I try not to be emotional bout this country
mood
mood for the rest of May:
Team ScoMo. My cartoon.
I love the show, but I'm also not gonna sit here and act like it's the same as it was in its peak during seasons
Yikes.
nigga I was in the studio wit you and ain't know it was you! Lmaoooooooo Happy birthday fam.
Lol same
Same
Bro u should read some marvel comics I bet u will feel different about that
So what show on Fox doesn't fall under the same standards that it should have been showed on?
Want to show me some extra love and support? Check out my Patreon page!
same energy
Escobedo, Mexico - Fire destroyed an asphalt factory (May 1).
Change is the process by which the future invades our lives. #painting Salvador Dali 'The Butterfly Ship'
tbh, i believe she only wants to be able to run with girls because she doesn't qualify to beat boys.
for chicago??? yes !! im in a few groupchats on twitter and snapchat if you would like to be added dm me !!
5. Multiple people have publicly stated Marco Rubio MUST be with the Company now. What you may not understand is that Jeb
JIN JUST SAID.... I LOVE YOU 3000 TO US... MARVELARMYS....
I sometimes wonder how Miia isn't dead yet, she's constantly getting hit by Ikuyo!-
Yes, Kamala did the same silly thing folks on our side did regarding Rosenstein on topic of "don't you read everything
big mood
Also, "65 years of growth" is inaccurate. In 1950, the city's population was 775,000. It then dropped to a low of
You guys are fired up! I can't wait to celebrate so many amazing students on #CollegeSigningDay tomorrow!
It's like... I'm so mad at Kimbro for doing this but at the same time 1k for only 10 points is sooooooooo Kimbro lmao
Omg SAME SIS YAS
why is it so hard for me to do the most basic tasks what is wrong with me
Here's a basic breakdown (from the two balls use the
Johnny Suh Johnny Talented Johnny nctnightnight Johnny Cute Johnny Handsome Johnny Dancing Johnny Piano Johnny
.Kamala Harris: We Need to Raise Taxes on the MIDDLE CLASS &amp; FORCE Workers Into Unions. Run, don't just
FUN FACT: Grace Hopper found the first "actual case of bug" in a computer. She found a dead moth found in a relay of
when you realize the glow up skipped you and ur going to be ugly forever.
I know how you feel, I want to move out to have my own peace and quiet. It honestly adds to the mood.
Very impressive! I studied Astrophysics at Harvard
BARR: "There's no indication that [the Trump campaign] engaged in the conspiracy to hack." (Trump encouraged Russian hackers
i want him!
We got the work done, but it was in an emotionally charged atmosphere! Probably the same for you? #aceschat
I promise you somebody took that same situation you're in rn and bodied it. Find a solution
SAME. I never post anything, just browse, and I have exactly 1 picture on there. Still get
and upthread same guy threatened to cut off hands for looking at a wristwatch??? it's absurd
watch endgame so i can start tweeting ab it ughhhh smh
Dad videos be making me teary eyed smh
i miss you so bad and i can't even tell you. i just want another hug, another kiss, another second to hold you and have you
dm me
that's a lot of missed calls bro
Bruh. What. The. Fuck.
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
Genuinely seeing the same people who argue "sex is observed at birth and is immutable" now claim that Caster Semenya
1) these have been around for years??? 2) they're literally nicer than normal percy pigs why is he such a wet wipe
Mood
#Goals Player Cam:
I love this movie tbh
me bumping the same song I've listened to about 456 times already
I have very excellent answers for all these. I've been where you are now. But I'm sorry as a family man, I gotta
Islam is responsible for more deaths worldwide in the last 20 years
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
Stfu you rt that lil boys racists ass tweet.
OKAY!!
Thank you. Every Democrat should all be stating the same right now.
Another unrealistic body standard being pushed on women smh
I been saying the same shit, drugs the biggest issue in the country and aren't they banned? Aren't
Same af
DM me.
RETWEET &amp; HEART the tweet above (not this tweet!) to win a pair of tickets for any of my sold out shows anywhere I'm
Boy same ting I saying
omr i was about to do the same!
tbh start replying with links to a payment app whenever people ask you to gif them
been feeling this way since they ran out of book material smh but i still watch and i still stan lol
I gotta chill
I bet you hateful crabs have zero foster kids, zero elderly family members getting assistance,
I promise you somebody took that same situation you're in rn and bodied it. Find a solution
Plis
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
Kinda terrifying tbh
Everyone has the same hair at this gd school
Ain't no one noticing the orb outta no where... ya house is haunted fam
So many niggas finna die this summer sad to say
Same!!
It's a fucking disgrace and they should be ashamed. One day their interns will be
Guess you guys milked that cow till it was dead.
How can I get it in the US - amazon doesn't ship.
Has Barr been asked under oath if he's read the entire text of the Mueller report? He can't answer basic questions
asked me if i was a virgin on my first shift (for reference this was bartending)
Mood
Last week every child in the UK was starving. This week we have a serious child obesity problem. Fat starving
BRUH YOU PLAYIN' me on another level now bro why browww
jungkook and tom holland same energy
May 1 66 Having not gone to bed until 5.30 am we woke at 9.30 and had a large brunchy breakfast. Fried eggs, bacon,
Dm me bro
Meanwhile far too many pensioners can't even afford to visit the dentist
If u tryna be like this hmu
"Wear something casual, nothing too extra" me:
I lit don't have friends anymore so that's cool
You really dead ass NEVER know whatever anyone is going through so keep your own energy to yourself. Please and thank you
Goals don't have an expiration date! Goals don't have an expiration date! Goals don't have an expiration date! Goals
Lyon played more than all these ones and still chowed 5. Same approach Barcelona are using. Sitting patiently and
What a hypocrite: While Trump demonizes immigrants, his New York country club exploits undocumented workers and steals
Would have ordered the Index controllers if they'd bloody well ship to Canada.
HEY!! DM SPREE! RT FOR A DM!!
Nigga... where you work? Ya hiring?
+ Keep that necklace with you okay? i will be happy when you do it looks beautiful on you as well i am
same
Football tops are just a money making racket. As you say, there's only so much ye can change. They
And as an extra bonus, is doing Maddow tonite.
svt hasn't even STEPPED FOOT in my continent before and they've had 12 concerts in the same country straight after each
Speaking of losers living in their mum's basement....who the fuck calls themselves the ‘Lads Society' without
No bruh makes me sick to my stomach
Is a 210 dead lift okay for my first time ever doing it?
Can't lay haters make u do things that only effect u in a bad way smh
Seeing a lot of "it's sad for caster semenya but she can't be allowed to compete with such an advantage". Have never in my
its fire
Everybody in Philly is Muslim, so I know this is fake news.
"Don't ever feel that you are very good. The second you do, you are dead." ~ Paul Tudor Jones
mood
Well stop arguing
Marquei como visto The Walking Dead - 9x13 - Chokepoint #bancodeseries
State Saturday... 10 security GUARDS 4 On duty POLICE Back Gates will be secured with security &amp; police Safe Fun &amp;
At this rate, one expects PM May to fire herself or resign as anything lesser of the two may
RETWEET &amp; HEART the tweet above (not this tweet!) to win a pair of tickets for any of my sold out shows anywhere I'm
BREAKING: #Thread Last night Pakistani soldiers entered a house in #Mohmand Agency where only women were residing.
RT if you are loving AG Barr teach basic law to political Democrats who hate Trump more than they love America
same energy
ICT issues Grassland Fire Danger (RFD) at May 1, 3:28 PM CDT
PTV News bulletin from late 80's. What is really interesting is that headlines today are almost the same despite
Where'd you get the FLCL home screen? It's nice af
Mood. #BarrCoverUp #BarrLied
" that new logic and Eminem gonna be fire"
For real tho my mom is a high school teacher and does the same thing lol
I'm so bored at the airport that I did my homework smh
If you know your friend is a sensitive person and you value your friendship with them, will it honestly kill you to adjust
The "paper of record" Gray Lady Sulzberger Times in 2002, had an obituary for author Eric McKitrick where they
He's using the Holocaust as a PR exercise - sickening. #LabourAntisemitism
remember when seungkwan saw a fire, put out the fire, sat on a bench, broke the bench, fixed it and then proceeded to
Fmr. CIA Director John Brennan: "I'm still waiting for those Republicans to realize that the ‘Trump ship' is a sinking one,
i just keep running into dead ends. im trying and im not giving up yet but. there has to be a solution
so no one wants to dm me about brian huh
Jag sound dumb af. Why yall even interviewing him. He braggin
me bumping the same song I've listened to about 456 times already
SEOKJIN SAID I LOVE YOU 3000 N HOSEOK STARTED SNAPPING HOS FINGERS WHERE MY MARVEL ARMY STANS AT
Don't mess!!!!!
Remember, you are not born to stay the same. You're allowed to change, to be better, to break and become, to evolve, to
Trying to find cover with this constant barrage of Epic Games fired shots
Lyon played more than all these ones and still chowed 5. Same approach Barcelona are using. Sitting patiently and
Check these out and more on my instagram page. Please follow. Tryna prove to my fam that my art is worth investing in.
2013/2014 PARTYNEXTDOOR is a whole mood. I feel bad if you missed out on those times.
want a #SUGARDADDY who can pay for my monsta x lightstick plz dm
The same jackass that was thrilled when Russian pranksters called him and told him
OOF they really hit u wit it
Draymond had LeBron eyes looking like that too. Nigga dead ass be digging in his butt before games
Still blessed tho
Dead
Being obtuse isn't a good look. Paying for the upkeep of the roads is
bro, ur getting good af at this shit
Im not arguing with people that think conceding 62 goals in 47 matches in one season warrants a top ten goalkeeper ranking
Nauseating. Contemptible antisemitic hypocrite.
Bro. This is only happened with one person and I hate that mf now lol
I don't wanna get my hopes up tbh but I hope they win best group, not only sales wise, altho their success will be
Twitter..... a psychiatrists wet dream.
It doesn't matter how quickly they gel at this point, you saw us bring on Ben Davies and Juan Foyth as
Hey guys! Please we have 10 packs of food to sell out tonight. 5 packs of stir fry pasta #2500 5 packs of Jollof
she only hurt herself by not releasing this smh
doing a shawn mendes giveaway for #ificanthaveyou cause i'm soft rn - 1 mini vinyl of the single (color 1) - rt this!
"Wear something casual, nothing too extra" me:
this scene makes me so sad but proud at the same time, i don't know how to explain it- it's magnus, you can't see him
what a big mood, I haven't obtained Toffee yet but tomorrow I'm going to go get it which is such a pull through
I've realize that affluent/middle class black people classify malls as ghetto when they become accessible to people of
The citizen may not be connected. Same fate for the druggie in China?
Simply everytime you say 'terf' I read 'woman' you may as well say 'feminazi'
Bruh this the dog in the first Harry Potter movie FML
Ha! Those bastards getting attached to the EU over the past 32 year.
She messed up her floor and her cookie jumper when she coulda just drank the milk and achieved the same results
It's hard being a real nigga and a princess at the same time.
Me when I walk around with a straight face all day and someone finally talks to me
mood
Keep listening for God's voice, even when you feel dead to his word. Keep crying out to him, even when he feels deaf to
These Queensland kids can't even vote, yet we are going to vote on their very future at this election. I'm standing for
My husband just said "Bae I have a confession. I feel like I'm cheating. After you take off your wig I be sleeping
Kevin Mitnick should have long ago been relegated to the same box as Greg Evans. His continued involvement in our
Rt and I'll dm you a song which I feel describes your account
The replies are funny af
Just slipped these off still available!! DM to buy.RETWEET #usedpantyhose #leggings #creamedpanties #wetpanties
Teachers don't have basic resources they need while billionaires get massive tax breaks. That's a disgrace.
Loving you was like going to war,I never came back the same..
BTW why is your media such a slave to official narrative. Poor guys were
Need a dependable &amp; knowledgable Home Tutor? is a DM away. Be kind enough to RT this. Our clients are on
Thank you to all the fans around the world for being part of our universe. We love you 3000. #AvengersEndgame
Barr, acting as the president's defense attorney, claims that Trump didn't tell McGahn to direct Rosenstein to
#Update: Ah Spotted the European armoured vehicles of peace today in the streets of #Paris, they had them the entire day on
he got him hook, line and sinker
2) "You Never Give up the Ship," 4-Star Naval Admiral James A. ‘Ace' Lyons, former commander in chief of the U.S.
In the beginning...
New ink me please!
They've made how many movies now? A normal person thinks they should watch most of the movies before seeing the
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
RT if you are loving AG Barr teach basic law to political Democrats who hate Trump more than they love America
I expect to receive the same respect I give others, but I forget that not everyone has the same mentality
Tonight on #YomHaShoah we lit 4 #YellowCandle in memory of four children murdered at Auschwitz in 1944, two of whom
a mood
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
#ThankYouAvengers #ThankYouAvengersFans for the best ride of my life, the tears, the laughter, for everything.
Q Endgame? Conned libsocism Spectrum peeps All is predicted &amp; fulfilled in our Bible. America stands with Israel,
It's true.... BUT you have to make an effort while in you're in those office hours... we can smell a lazy BSer a mile
McManaman: "The fans here are so protective of Messi. You're not allowed to foul him. To kick him" No, you're are not,
Me af.
We spontaneously went to Paris after being together a month, you took me to Coachella for my 21st, we did Barcelona for
dating me is like when you find out the song you've skipped for the past week is actually fire.
Bro leaving the rave fam gives you the opportunity to meet new people and do what you feel like vibing with
is this a shooky and yoongi ship name
Y'all can have these popular niggas.. I like mine low key &amp; out these hoes face &amp; all about me!
What if he demands options? Well, it's obvious, Bernard. The Foreign Office will happily present him with three
Bet we out
BREAKING: Elizabeth Warren Has just called on William Barr to resign and for Congress to begin impeachment proceedings
If having no wifi and data doesn't force me to study then I don't know what will tbh
Alice signed my HS yearbook in 1989 at Sky Harbor before we boarded a flight to LA. He
This looks lit
If u tryna be like this hmu
mood
When it's the 1st of the month and rent is due again but you just paid that shit 30 days ago smh this shit getting old..
Britain First Kimbo and Tom, plus village idiot, Swallow, helping TR and getting chased. Same, old fash faces.
DM me
RT if you are loving AG Barr teach basic law to political Democrats who hate Trump more than they love America
Mom: call me more School: remember that big project's due next week Work: do your job better Friends: ur never free
I act like hoes is dead... can't give a bitch no reaction no mention no recognition bitch who are you ?
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
Hey, we're sorry to hear you are having issues on site. Please could you drop us a DM so we can look into this for you. - Avi
Shit is Lit
Interesting note on Kaleb Johnson: He got his offer for the #Eagles practice squad last year around the time he was
"I love you 3000"
I JUST REALIZED BUT HYUNSEONG'S LOOKING AT JEONGMIN'S IM DEAD AHAHAHA
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
johnny suh johnny talented johnny nctnightnight johnny cute johnny piano johnny chicago johnny dj johnny photography
Draymond had LeBron eyes looking like that too. Nigga dead ass be digging in his butt before games
I never accused you of threatening anyone. Just pointing out that that
New pics from #GameofThrones S8 E4 shows the North burning the dead and getting ready for war with #Cersei
I will never understand how extra 5minutes in bed makes me 27hours late
I know someone who can't stand catradora and I respect that they're not conforming to a show's obvious ship, but at
Fasho hmu when you out.
Same
maybe when it seems that the winner of the social artist award seems to be the same artist consecutively, they announce
You can put Roman Holiday over any video and it will be funny af. Like right now you got me laughing at this bacteria
Do you want extra income, be your own boss, freedom to work from anywhere in the world, no more 9-5 and promote a
bad habit of put "hahaha" on the end of everything even if it's not funny, having a shite hahaha, got sacked from
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
i'll be sure to check out this amazing salon! i bet it has five-star ratings
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
the comments he made in videos w them just made me uncomfortable and u can see from the way they
The rave mom/dad trying to lead the rest of the squad out of the crowds
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
"Wear something casual, nothing too extra" me:
Instructions and Examples which we give to children , a basic understanding is developed in his mind that how
Great news that Axel Tuanzebe will be part of Ole's plans next season and will go on the pre season tour with the rest
..they might do the same thing again? How do you open up your heart to someone who crushed it? Who continues to crush it?
Worked at a newspaper for 4 years just for sports photography, including basketball. 70-200 is your
Momma said don't trust these thots, I told her yah yeet, now I got three kids and I'm a single father. Life's terrible...
is indeed a world class player. The only sensible player left in Pakistani squad.
Nothing is more annoying to #Libra than being in a bad mood for no reason and being asked "what's wrong?" over and over
Keep in mind that this trainwreck of a movie is made by the same studio behind Snow White, The Lion King, and Zootopia
. Muslim teenage boy explains "Every non-Muslim girl who refuses to convert to Islam must be raped" They justify
follow me to dm you my prices
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
The problem isn't with them doing their job, it's the fact that an ACTIVE shooter is
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
I know what you mean I may last month was 350 followers on twitch but didn't happen but now I don't set monthly goals
POV: u walk into class and the same group of musical theatre kids are at it again
No matter where they work or what they do, women are paid less than men for the same work. On #LabourDay we call for
Draymond had LeBron eyes looking like that too. Nigga dead ass be digging in his butt before games
tbh can u imagine if seonho decides he'll also play piano to play modern songs more make it somehow pop or ballad
and now lauren can't even go back home after tour because the threats were so intense? imagine attacking a woman so
On the same topic, last week's article from the Economist is also well worth a read: The Economist | Herd instincts
Bidding is now at £500 so I am throwing in a pair of Matchworn and signed Boly boots from this season.....
are all three of the jonas brothers going to be sitting on the same chair
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
#GilmoreGirls - RT couple for Lorelai&amp;Christopher fans here -&gt;&gt;
Data Modeling?? On #DynamoDB?? I shall be tuned in with bells on!
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
Pillow talkin to bitches she ain't even bad nigga she basic
You can really chill on us
mood
same i never hangout or knew him . it kinda of creepy i went to shcool with this guy
Bruh
When I collect her number, now let me work smh...
One orange jumpsuit ....extra long
Put in a app.. this shit chill
Yes, of course the man who was a leader of an armed insurrection, and died by firing squad, would be most upset by
"You should be more worried about the person that doesn't ask", honestly! And no, asking someone about their sexual health
risk &amp; sacrifice the only way to win above yo goals, stop actin scary
Fomo tour? Fear of missing out on what?? A kidzbop show??
America might want to get extra popcorn for tomorrow, provided Barr shows up for the House hearing.
Dead af
Same who are responsible for austerity. You must be joking or in
If anyone needs some last minute Grad Pics in the Orlando or Melbourne area HMU and here are some examples of
Minimize hurt and chill?
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
oof this blew up but for clarification yes everyone THINKS but I mean like constantly talking in your head - this a good
falling in love wt thor &amp; jon snow at the same time all over again
I promise you somebody took that same situation you're in rn and bodied it. Find a solution
Draymond had LeBron eyes looking like that too. Nigga dead ass be digging in his butt before games
It was a great choice of a word. Not too specific ,not too vague. "Order" would have given him room to duck and run, I bet.
im expecting a captain america skin to come out. if it doesn't im going to be triggered
Still remains as one of the best Jimin fancams in stan twt. He looked extra gorgeous here
I'm just tryna get to Wendy's bruh
Draymond had LeBron eyes looking like that too. Nigga dead ass be digging in his butt before games
Since everyone is talking about the Sonic Movie, I want to direct your attention to the opening cutscene from Sonic
A song from The Long Night A song to keep us from being forgotten... A song of ice and fire Bravo
Whoever took the reins on that payment decline... I have only ever spent around £50 in my life on Bibles. So chill out. :)
woke left: John Hobson's casual racism was merely the product of his era also woke left: Tear down all statues of the
These projects are not cheap and given the expanse of the project over budget spend is
yikes
I guess responsible journalism/reporting has just gone out the window these days..
Didn't Carl Of Swindon say the same? And who wouldn't want to be more like UKIP eh?
lf I wake up from getting my mf wisdom teeth removed and my dentist doin this smh
his knees, spreading you open almost painfully wide as he kneels between them, he grabs your wrists and pins them
Christina Applegate, Linda Cardellini &amp; Liz Feldman Discuss Their Netflix Series, "Dead to
25 VIEWERS (at the same time) for 1000 vbucks, go now!
It's PUBLICATION DAY for You can find out more about her new release, The Fire House on Honeysuckle
Yes, Barr really "suppressed" the report. That's why he released the the full 448 page report instead of
The new movie is looking sick AF!!!!!! Photo from
I'm so annoying buuut im still selling the reusable straws they're all glass and handmade and I'm doing custom themes like
#Kosovo after Berlin • Thaçi: Some Quint states &amp; local critics are to blame for missed border chance • Haradinaj:
Bruh. What. The. Fuck.
42 Heartwarming Tweets About Poop Emoji Products That Will Make You Swipe Left. I Can't Even With #8.
BREAKING: At golf course in Westchester, NY, undocumented workers say Trump Org. managers exploited
is that the sexy bunny bc SAME
I didn't say that it was either/or, I said that now that we had a #ClimateEmergency we needed to
If u don't have at least a couple men that wish you were dead I'm sorry ladies but u just aren't living life to the fullest
I'm still very VERY salty about Jesse Williams saying the world needed to do better by Black women while cheating on and
Check out fire opal #ring gemstone silver jewelry Sz 6.5 cocktail band #Alligator #design #Unbranded via
Me too! Something for nothing!
ooh lol i didnt see
Today in Parliament got twitter to admit that "terf" is a gendered word (and, I'd add, one applied with no
Do you ever feel ok but you're empty at the same time &amp; you just want to talk to someone but you feel annoying so you
Another shooting in America. This time at my cousin's college in North Carolina. 2 students dead. What is it going to
can we discuss how they're fighting with TWO HALVES OF NED STARKS SWORD TO DEFEND FUCKING WINTERFELL I'M DEAD
She kinda does look like Ben Shapiro tbh.
alright that's it, i'm fucking doing feet pics
this guy wants me dead.
they used to apologise for making me put text on screen... now it's normal for me to send kian to space and get
Mood
Remember when Hoseok walked in on Jimin changing and said "sorry bae"
Bruh e cost Shaa!! 7500?? Abeg commando mode win am. Something wey we go tear sef
A NEW admin is needed for the account. If interested - send me a DM!
Yes. Agree. But I'm seeing the same people outraged that police have been requested not to wear
i was so fucking ugly last year ,,, im probably gunna b sayin the same thing a year from now
reminder you have 5 days to create and publish a patreon so you won't have to pay extra for the same service
Oh my gosh how did you get so many?!? Dm me?
Yikes have fun
I couldn't disagree more. Interest on our debt is the fastest growing part of the federal budget. In 2020, we'll spend
like I don't think even the showrunners wanted to acknowledge Shiro as a man of color and how
Shame! was a well-researched &amp; sincere effort to counter falsehood &amp; propaganda. What
I do think he can do it tbh in future.. That said, seems some #mufc fans are pinning their hopes to fix defence
Overrated af
Dr. Ph. Martin's Pen-White is perfect for fine writing, and was made to be used in technical pens and airbrush.
Twitter boys used to rule Twitter with jokes, subs and all untill you instagram girls came to steal all the attention
Messi really went with that dead trim smh
bad news is the hamster's dead. good news is that it's soft, clean and smells like a summer meadow...
mood
big mood
Alan: "I feel for you this morning because you're surrounded by Spurs!" David: "Yeah, I can take it... I'll bring my
I was going to feel bad Pool fansfor Suarez celebrating a goal against them. But these are the same folks that
mood
I do but they all ship from UK which might be expensive to ship :(
my biggest SAME
everyone has forgotten this video exists so i'm bringing it back from the dead bc felix is the softest boy in the world
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
I promise you somebody took that same situation you're in rn and bodied it. Find a solution
Charlotte, NC Baltimore, MD West Chester Township, OH Birmingham, AL Nashville, TN Jackson Jackson, MI Poway, CA
What a hypocrite: While Trump demonizes immigrants, his New York country club exploits undocumented workers and steals
"Good Morning had a good rest" - Checker, 2019 (colorized), moments after the shiny Flareon woke up
then there's these guys
I'm done hiding this fam, i think the world should know. I don't know how to knot a tie.
yeET
What a nightmare for everyone, extra stress for mothers and children let alone dads.
In Celtic tradition, May Day (Lá Bealtaine) marks the beginning of Summer, with the Irish celebration of Bealtaine, or
This is dumb as hell y'all are WAY too obsessed with GoT. Chill
Check out these videos on Mood &amp; Tone to learn how filmmakers lure us in and create moods that linger long after
I woke up as a bad bitch again! ugh life is so hard
mood
I hand made a bunch of boob pots - if you'd like one they are listed on my Etsy shop!! Link in bio. If you want a
I'm concerned the conservatives received these funds but are clearly not receiving the same level
RT if you are loving AG Barr teach basic law to political Democrats who hate Trump more than they love America
tryna fix your inner issues with a bad bitch, didn't they tell you that i was a savage? fuck your white horse and a
Actor James Woods held prisoner in 'Twitter jail' - WND there's no way in hell this guy should be silenced! #freespeech in
If you: Follow SailorAshSky on Instagram &amp; Fav a pic + DM me = you'll get nude video for being a new fan!
So you're actually an idiot? Wow. You can't defame the dead
Tired af...
"Wear something casual, nothing too extra" me:
Love you 3000.
Alcohol exposes my love. I always call Kunle and say "I'm tipsy baby. i love you". And I'm always extra lovey with my
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
AG Barr argues that there is a difference on obstruction between the president saying "go fire Mueller" vs. "have him removed
smh mutual farmer
So my co worker and I were talking about how some people were salty that I won this hard to get award two years
"This one understands your logic, but does not reach the same conclusion" × D'Vorah ×(N)sfw rp ×I have irl problems
mood
Mood
The only thing I dislike abt this barca team is how easily they go to ground n flop around. Every single one of
when a male character is confident, they're praised as "cool", "badass", "inspiring" and "witty" but when a female shows
Netherlands want to send Yezidis back to where they escaped from. •Genocide is still ongoing and still 3000 Yezidi
#FailingGrayling burns ANOTHER £50m of taxpayers money on #FerryGate I'm furious! To make it real, that's 2974
are all three of the jonas brothers going to be sitting on the same chair
And as an extra bonus, is doing Maddow tonite.
sansa: you were better to me than the other men who abused me men:
Just say yikes and move on with your life
same
If anyone has a black tux blazer PLEASE DM ME LIKE THIS
I feel bad for my future grandchildren; We've allowed the stupid people to continue breeding
Same energy
` You seem... oddly familiar... but at the same time, not. Have we met? `
Some handles are notorious for peddling falsehood,I only pity folks who do not only believe but amplify
Here's my reaction to the Sonic Movie trailer...big yikes Full Video:
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
Tbh only half of me believes it will happen, the other half is freaking out that they will send him
Mood:""
probably taking a break from the bird app cause i really cant take it anymore so uh dm me for my insta or number i guess?
How I feel when I get my nails and toes worked on at the same time
Men kill other men (88% of homicides), beat and kill women (96% of DV) and beat eachother (78% of assaults). Women are 91% of
A video is going viral where a aunty is critised a girl on the size of her dress. It is a an act of a really
mood
Alot of conscious music these days stink bc they sound contrived and forced. This woke era shit is highly profitable.
[dipping my feather quill into the inkwell and adjusting my spectacles] dearest diary, it seems the day is different but
That's pretty harsh. I bet there's several instances where that's not true.
PSA: for my class I need some help.. do you think minimum wage should/shouldn't be raised every year? dm me your opinion if you want!!
Kids do not give AF at all. The 11 yo said, "I don't like that girl. She's cute, but I can't mess
Liberal MP Craig Kelly denies intimidating climate change activist in a dinosaur suit via
The fire's almost here May 5th #WMF
This is amazing.
Crazy you named the song after what im finna do if somebody ever play this around me
your exes only talk bad about you bc you're living the life they tried to keep you from — yikes.
Barr just melted into a dead-on impression of Dustin Hoffman as Rain Man at the end.
Im just under a lot of pressure cause if i dont do well my mother said shes going to take my
Lol smh
Me sitting at home hungry af thinking bout that one time 6 years ago I stupidly didn't finish my meal
are all three of the jonas brothers going to be sitting on the same chair
Good for you. You matter the most &amp; without being strong it's only you that will lose. Take care
If you bae ...... you gotta seal these with a kiss so Ik it's real
we're already dead
Don't mess!!!!!
They spread hate, I show love. We are not the same.
Issued in public interest, a sentence from 3 years back.
Need a dependable &amp; knowledgable Home Tutor? is a DM away. Be kind enough to RT this. Our clients are on
State Saturday... 10 security GUARDS 4 On duty POLICE Back Gates will be secured with security &amp; police Safe Fun &amp;
a big mood
same
This is how #UrbanNaxals ecosystem works. Either #bringbackTrueIndology or we will #BoycottTwitter
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
Summer mood

Ship it lol
Same, but I'd also be on standby, just in case she needed back up or something.
Buying a character skin is just like buying: 1) Hats in Team
Give the social media manager a raise because the replies had me dead
campayne
same
Yas plz
When I wrot that column I had no idea AG William Barr was gonna come RIGHT OUT AND SAY today that RR was cleared by
Barry Hearn confesses that he was a slave trader when it came to black boxers and their contracts. Then you have Big man
MOOD.
„Yall are too fake like my mouth hurts But if you're forreal then that's way worse These days I do not believe in
Get in your bag. Get in the zone. Get in the mood. Whatever it is, get in it today.
I just got another FREE toy to test out from This is the remote control G-spot &amp; clitoral
i believe yk u can dm me
Mood
We really all lived the same childhood in different houses
mood lmao
morgan: my mom said dad's up in the stars now but i can't see him yet.. when you go back up to space, can you give him a
If you people consider a gay furry playing a video game and a picture of a
Nobody: Not a single soul: Everybody: *Sweating* Her: Sir extra sheet!
When the sand is hot af
Feeling low af!
so wayv comeback and nct 127 comeback in the same month. NCTZENS STAY WINNING
If I clear the cache etc. I can then access Play store BUT if I try to access the Play store via one
why does he look like matty healy in the first one
If I was one of the Senators sitting in the #BarrTestimony, I'd open with "does anyone here smell smoke, because I
If you're a beer lover and #amarillophile then you'll wet your pants for this beer. Koldh Brew is a glorious
Yes. And worse is when food that's stale or spoilt, is given to maids or cleaners. Any extra but
the giddy up challenge
I think all fan bases are the same mate! Spurs fans are just very obvious in your life because of where you live!
Take care of me when I'm not in the mood, talk to me whenever I'm sad try to make me calm when I'm mad that's how you win my
me bumping the same song I've listened to about 456 times already
Hey I don't wanna be a whale can we fix that .. abeg
No offense but the way men talk to women sometimes is so...??? yikes
if im into you, nobody else is getting the same attention
.@mofa_kr Kang Kyung-wha said Wednesday that Seoul and Washington are pursuing the same goal of North Korea's
This me when I'm drunk af still taking shots. . .
Thrilled to announce LEGEND OF THE FIRE PRINCESS, an original graphic novel with NEW content including a BIG REVEAL!
"i... am... iron man" and "you... will never be... a god" share the same heartbreaking yet powerful energy
I am more than sickened. I would like to know where did we let these Democrats go this far . The President has
Mood all 2019
i wish i could help but same. love u tho
also in the mood to eat some ass
Why No Public Outrage? Why Media Silent? Why Gadchiroli not important for a day even but Pulwama is for months? Because
Go dm
it's boring af, and nothing happens just like pretty little liars
Nothing puts you in a bad mood like someone asking why you're in such a bad mood.
i feel the same :/
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
Maybe she's fucking going to get a free mammogram or Pap smear because she doesn't have health insurance? Maybe she's
The constant mood I aspire to be. Just radiating that positive energy
Oof big thanks fam
For Corbyn to praise a book packed full of antisemitic conspiracies - the very same conspiracies directed at me - is
So Joe Biden's son Hunter was dating his dead brother's wife?? That whole family is CREEPY! WTF!
Yep, enabling that kind of future flexibility is one of the goals of what I'm doing now.
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
I need to be out here taking INTERNATIONAL baecations like &amp; Together, flicking dope
The New York Attorney General has reportedly interviewed more than 2 dozen undocumented immigrants who claim they were
Bus drivers be some assholes lol. This lady was running and waving and he pulled off right when she got to the
love you 3000
Lot of times all you can do is to smile even you can't and move on with your day and life the best you can and hold
big mood
Tbh you are a bit of a bitch and I wouldn't want you as a friend but you are pmsl funny
Mood
Dear followers of mine please retweet &amp; sign this petition if you wish . What do We pay our
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
This week I am selling "Teacher Gives You Extra Credit" Dropbox link $12 Accepting CASHAPP &amp; amazon gift card. DM ME if
Same sigh
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
BC has always used its resources, glad we are all on the same page. I think the
That doesn't matter I love you 3000. And ITS TOUR FAULT
Yall want a cookie for this statement SO BAD. Smh, Drakarys
never will i judge a dude by what type of car he drives or how much money he has as long as he got goals none of that
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
Imagine your two former players denying you a champions league final and premier league title in the same season looool
Bro I love creative dates more than anythinggg like the fact that you thought it out to what I would like? Fire
Congratulations you've made it to month 5. Hello May. Hello spring. Hello new goals. Hello new opportunities. Wishing
On some days, parenting is like riding a bike by the lake on a gorgeous, sunny spring day. On other days, parenting
I'm at an MA conference thingy and by God the amount of schmoozing going on... And I am in no mood to schmooze.
absolutely shaken to discover that suarez isn't very nice when he's not scoring 30 goals a season for your team
Malema shouldn't have said Papa Penny is uneducated. Papa penny falls under the generation that were deprived
Oh you GOTTA bless us w the flicks of that, everybody that rock her shit be looking fire
Hi Tweeps. I sell quality wears. Really dope unisex hoodies, tracks, sweatshirts and pants and fine ass sneaks too.
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
my mood went from :) to :( in under 5 minutes, pls send roger/george/bob geldof photos
being hurt by the same person you explained ur pain is heartbreaking fr.
learned how to appreciate some people from a distance. some things will never be the same &amp; i'm content with that. we learn
Hopkinton opens the seconds quarter with two goals from Corey Breault and another from Colby Quiet to take a 3-0 lead over
As a PM, big same apparently
Isn't that the same person?!! You married your brother and both created immigration fraud!! Thanks for reminding us!
phone: 1% gas: E bank account: $0.12 mental stability: low adulting: sucks
chill lofi BTS to relax/study to
#4thingsilearnedfrommyhusband 1. Taking you phone to the bathroom prevents boredom. 2. The 5 second rule does
Then you get yelled at cause it's doing that lil noise
same
#FlyingKiwis - Bill Tuiloma scored an absolute screamer, CJ Bott, Sam Brotherton and Marco Rojas also chipped in with
In honour of BTS gracing the red carpet at the BBMAs again, here's a compilation of their early red carpet appearances.
Carol Vorderman: Countdown bombshell flaunts eye-popping curves following surgery recovery
Lol I love it
#CrunchySquad CREATED BY BT21 LOVERS!! Thank You All who have helped complete the Squad! Please keep an eye on what
the vamps crowds have been so dead these past few shows .. idgi??? why aren't u all bopping??? wait till lpool is all am
1. 5am in Bethlehem 2. 2 Thieves, 1 God 3. Walk on Water freestyle 4. Raise the Dead? Been There, Done That
Sexy..dm bund
doesnt know about the wassies in his crawlspace
You're my favorite parody account.
Ever since I cut off all the negative shit in my life I got a special glow in me &amp; so many opportunities opened up for me!
Other streaming apps for fire stick except TeaTV, Freeflix &amp; Cinema HD?
me bumping the same song I've listened to about 456 times already
the same than happened to people in Venezuela in 2008, or you think we were not affected?
spare ticket for Valencia tomorrow. North Bank upper tier. Great view. £60. DM please if interested
Have some drive, goals, and ambitions behind you
tbh tweeting your emotions is better than saying it to other people
What if "What is dead may never die" had a literal meaning and the Night King isn't really dead
The entire screentime of Marvel Cinematic Universe is 3000 minutes. I love you, 3000.
Lol awezos. The same prophecy which clearly refers to her wearing different faces as an assassin and
are all three of the jonas brothers going to be sitting on the same chair
ok but if you havent laughed yet today, here is vixx performing fantasy in the most extra costumes youll ever see
I can't deal with how cute he is cleaning himself, even though we just gave him a bath (if that's even what he's
Wendy's owner is a big Trump donor who refuses to pay an extra penny per pound of tomatoes so that farm laborers can
My prediction : Barcelona will score 2 goals #UCL #FCBLIV
Fuck this timeline, I'm out
the fact that i can be stressed and not give a fuck at the same time is the reason for my academic downfall
Our print inspired by #GameofThrones is now on sale through the end of the series! We're so pumped to see how it
Naked thuringia Big tit teen international Hook up dating wet girl Servive Alluring Partner City Sex college Big
They had Curry dunking last night.. it's over for these niggas lmaooo smh
what is OSU fundraising for where does my $45,000 per year go? Why did they have a weird fucking festival day about it???
the way im going to see both my favs bts and ariana this year... oof
i literally dm'd you
also lil bbmas spoiler (not really) but y'all remember bts stages in america? like no decor and absolutely no flavor, it was
When your kids take a nap the same time &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
I completed my B.Ed Degree 2017. Can't find a job, not even a Substitute post. I'm currently a cleaner/ domestic worker
Mood
Yet you follow his every tweet, so if has such a low IQ why are you
shut up
Kicking off celebrations for 160th anniversary with a little help from — you are so good to
BRA CAN I GET A SQUAD ON 2K WHO NOT SOME SHIT
Avocado letting you know she's going to cost extra
Are you guys doing any readathons this month? I'm attempting to do an Asian Lit Bingo for AAPI (Asian America.
She needs to go!!! Get her out!
Lord Fowler, the Lords Speaker, is right to say that Bercow is insulting the memory of dead soldiers by banning
Bruh
I would never work for white company "DEAD" asf
i'm at the gym for the same reason you are. if you have a problem with me being here, feel free to walk right to the src 5 minutes away!
Why No Public Outrage? Why Media Silent? Why Gadchiroli not important for a day even but Pulwama is for months? Because
Wait so Mackenzie is really opening for the FOMO TOUR ?
The whole "idc" act is dead. You dont have emotions? Thats ok. go be toxic elsewhere
No joke: Every person coming at me sideways is someone from the Smash community. I've entered myself within Fire Emblem
who finna catch this 'wyd'
This shits fire
Same energy
Mueller is pissed because the summary didn't include the generalized mood of his report. Well, tough. It's not the job of
SAME GIRL GO FOR IT
Archive Link: Same program? What program and where can I find it online? Did
They're one in the same
Oh FFS. I have now seen a big story going around abt"hidden proof" that a man helped the major heroine from S8E3
mood
[dipping my feather quill into the inkwell and adjusting my spectacles] dearest diary, it seems the day is different but
Sorry when I get going ... so sick of liberals ship them over the wall
Avocado letting you know she's going to cost extra
let's try this again .... VERIZONUP TICKET i'm giving away my extra ticket because i'm one person and don't need
Mood- The voices in my head Art by me
and I are the same person and I wish I could RT all of her tweets.
I'll never understand it smh .
PeopIe about to break their necks jumping on tables n shit for this chaIlenge smh
Netherlands want 2 send Yezidis back 2 where they escaped from. •Genocide is still ongoing &amp; still 3000 Yezidi missing.
You just clog the TL. We can't read anything, not even the retweets.
percy pigs: we removed the gelatine so everyone can eat them :) they taste the same don't worry gelatine is flavourless
You can't do it on a plan ? Like on my plan I just pay $20 extra dollars a month for it until it's paid off
Same
can they give arya a new outfit already please she's been wearing that same shit for almost two seasons now i'm sick
if it's just a name and the same fucking thing why not fucking leave it be? I don't get it lol
Shots fired.
why is it only voluntary and not mandatory at this point?
bad mood is back.
Starks take over the iron throne and Cersei is decapitated on the block in the same way she did Ned
Youri Tielemans could be a really good option for United. 900 minutes in the league for Leicester and has 3 goals
Las Vegas peeps! If you don't have plans tonight and wanna see my friend host the Billboard Music
The Container Ship Mp the Gronk will be arriving tomorrow evening at 7:00 pm. (Berthing at DP World Container Terminal) #MptheGronk
Pls Kindly RT until someone that's thinking of getting a nice portrait for a Birthday gift, Wedding or Anniversary sees
New temperature outlooks from show more of the same for our area. Above normal temperatures appear
check your dm
Why they doing my man Scott like this smh
tom holland being savage
1. Ask others around them and the ones they seem to hurt for feedback. 2. Consider
Naw bruh you were just too slow for mens track so you got your dick cut off so you can run with the girls
My recap of last night's action. Blood sweat and tears. Written from a Vegas hotel room. Give it a whirl.
Thinking about having a ceramics show in the bay this summer but idk I've never shown any of my work b4 smh
Where's the Lio, though.
If u tryna be like this hmu
we fucking needs goals but lunvarde is trying to park the bus
my throat when i'm trying to hold back my tears and talk at the same time:
It is laughable yet infuriating that Barr testified that he did not look at the underlying evidence in the most
Same
If I was not so full of love, naturally and inherited! I would be a troublesome ass bum of a man! I would probably be dead already!
There was a transfer window remember? Now this season's favourites defending at home smh
Can anyone say #pimpmyride ? #ThinBlueLine #HonorOurFallen
Shots fired.
On Yom HaShoah we remember the six million Jews killed in the Holocaust. I've lit a candle for Gyorgy Farkas who died
My toxic trait? I automatically stop trying when I feel unwanted. I won't reach out to you if it's not mutual or not getting
#GovUK led by has money to burn. - £50 million is just another Drop in the Channel. - #UniversalCredit
"Wear something casual, nothing too extra" me:
I'm heartbroken, but a picture of a juicy stanky E-girl ass could really lighten up the mood right now
LMFAOOOOO I'M DEAD
BREAKING: Elizabeth Warren Has just called on William Barr to resign and for Congress to begin impeachment proceedings
Yall still like m*lania m*rtinez? And for what??? she's a r*pist, sexualizes things that belong to CHILDREN and
i'm starting to believe y'all don't know what it means to be gay...
This is US terrorism
SEOKJIN SAID I LOVE YOU 3000 N HOSEOK STARTED SNAPPING HOS FINGERS WHERE MY MARVEL ARMY STANS AT
TKO at the time, but yes, the same move, just different name.
mood
Check if your GOAT is 110, I want to hear something #BARLIV #Messi #UCL
THEY ARE THE SAME! at the core the two are the same, please
I'm pushing for some goals this month!!! Will you help me reach them?
Translation: The Chief Whip says it's either The end of The Conservative Party or The end of The Conservative Party
In Japan a new emperor is taking the throne, and the Reiwa era has begun
I would ask congress to drop the same they are idiots.
He also had to be reminded of what he wrote in his 19 page memo on obstruction of justice
Horny af
Picture this: it's 2019, you're in a relationship where you both have admiration and respect for each other. You like each
Yikes that was good one
watched 8x02 again and.......I'm dead
Wow my good mood went downhill hella quick
me bumping the same song I've listened to about 456 times already
Once as a massive storm/tornado approached and the clouds darkened the sky, my boss dismissed all women
a mood
Bruh. What. The. Fuck.
hoseok and jin went to see endgame at the same theather and didn't know these losers
I have sent a DM
Nigga jumped into the MCU wit no prior knowledge of what's going on smh
Congratulations for getting over 2% and almost 100K donors. I'm really inspired by you &amp; so excited to be
Hello , I have got couple of tickets for sale at affordable price. Dm me if interested
Joe Biden is cut from the same corrupt cloth as his republican and neolib buddies
#BREAKING: A fire is engulfing south Brisbane on Vulture Street. More to follow. #9News
sampled naruto on this hoe. Too hard bruh. This man is the coldest. That's him on the
Hahahahaha! This was shocking &amp; a very good response by AG BARR. The alleged dc satanic pedo cabal member
wait did i spell grader wrong oof HAHA
Mood:
jimin just flexed his hot boyfriend, expensive car, and award show attendance in the Same Tweet.
Seriously, though, Facebook facilitated Brexit. It broke the country where I live. How am I supposed to feel when their
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
I don't want to tell President Trump's vetting team how to do their jobs, but googling "nominees name+child labor" would
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
one of the wildest thing i've heard a straight person say is that they ship morgan stark and peter parker in the
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
HOSEOK'S SNAP AFTER JIN SAID I LOVE YOU 3000 THEY'RE ALL MARVEL STANS #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
When I spoke to doctors about potentially having ADHD they'd always ask the same type of questions, one being "did you do
Liverpool sounding amazing on.@bbc5live. If they don't ship more than one goal, you'd fancy them to score all
Why is still on FOX? He's as bad as from CNN. Shep reports just one side of things when it comes
mood
bruh imagine coming across this baekhyun bday ad
Anyone kind enough to show us their stats lol.I've seen the Hayward stats,but I
yup im very aware that im thinking way too idealistically about this, i was looking at pics some
"Wear something casual, nothing too extra" me:
Also: imagine if Theresa May expressed the same outrage over breaking of UK electoral law as she did over
Success comes to those who refuse to settle for anything less. You have to ignite a burning desire within yourself,
Were also mad too, wwe keeps you being a jobber, I want to slap them bruh
Same. I love dogs but I can't handle it at a constant thing but cats are hella low maintenance
could be project fear starting early they have to keep stoking the fire
While the media is fixated on the attempted coup in #Venezuela, they are completely silent on the riots in #Honduras,
my dm's really broke again huh
workshop is dead
My brain words are moving so fast I can't even speak them.
Same. I love dogs but I can't handle it at a constant thing but cats are hella low maintenance
#RNBreakfast Fran Kelly says its very controversial, during an election period, for a Wet Tropics Group to warn about
Hey! I want to give you a Free $25 Bet plus Double Your First Deposit. Use my invite link to sign up with TVG
Bruh. What. The. Fuck.
France will delay their plant to cut nuclear energy to 50% of electricity generation. Doing so would require building
When black women get to questioning you like that smh you just gotta pray lol
Teachers don't have basic resources they need while billionaires get massive tax breaks. That's a disgrace.
Being a beginner is a daunting prospect. So much so it's often what stops people taking the first step towards
give her the boot
My french speaking is tomorrow yikes if she ask me about the damn environment it's a WRAP sis
We all know who was found dead, right?
You're my favorite parody account.
When ur fam doesn't approve of ur outfit
Rescue of a different feather. #firefighters from Engine 93 putting this mama and her 10 ducklings back in the creek
romance isn't dead &lt;3
a mood
Hmu for bands first come first serve
oh wow 2018 me doesn't deserve rights
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
okay i know we joke about donghyuck wearing the same outfits but i am not kidding donghyuck has been wearing this outfit
BREAKING: Elizabeth Warren Has just called on William Barr to resign and for Congress to begin impeachment proceedings
Look like a lot of activities there a busy one bet it's in Cornwall though
Also, so weird that &amp; Democrats now seem so concerned about Rod Rosenstein overseeing the Mueller Probe when
mood
Best way to make you cum? — Tbh i really like foreplay, like mark me up, dirty talk me, play with my body some
i always hurt my own feelings by expecting the same energy i give
Danang Dick &amp; Nathan Phillips Stolen Valor... Opposite sides of the same wooden nickel!
This is EXACTLY how all of us in #TheSnyderCutMovement need to see it! We are ONE team, with the same goal! When
this is a normal occurrence you absolute wet cabbage
im looking extra arabic today
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
AHHHH THE NEWS IS OUT!! I'M DRAWING A SHE-RA GRAPHIC NOVEL WRITTEN BY
As I said this morning on I think guys like Barr have convinced themselves that saving Trump and the GOP
Well excuse us Moneybag Yo, but who in the hell finna willingly &amp; proudly pay $14 for a pack of skittles &amp; a small
luck ass mf
Tbh only people that agree with you are the type to go out of their way to be an asshole in a tight space
First of all, she needs to chill with the Facetune. She literally looks like a possessed Barbie doll.
Come watch kurlz try to survive tonight!
Wanna make a joke about Suarez but let's be honest, the dude's a massive cunt so it was to be expected. I was more surprised
RT if you are loving AG Barr teach basic law to political Democrats who hate Trump more than they love America
So UBEC chairman and his daughter was kidnapped on the same roads that dozens of Nigerians have been kidnapped on and it
A reward is being offered to find the suspects responsible for killing more than half a million bees in Texas by
Penny Mordaunt said (wrongly) the UK had no veto over Turkey's EU membership. Not just once, but twice. She was
Kid works his ass off and deserves the recognition, congrats veets
If she was fine... She'd rock it as evening wear like this. THAT'S A BIG AF "IF" tho!!
As I said this morning on I think guys like Barr have convinced themselves that saving Trump and the GOP
Yup, I'm dead
in a dream world where gender os abolished, bathroom signs are slightly different and everything else is exactly the same
It comes in different sizes of Kegs. 2 Litres-N500 4 Litres-N1000 25 Litres-N3000 Send a DM to place your order(s) or
POV: u walk into class and the same group of musical theatre kids are at it again
BLOWOUTJobs Report Says Private Payrolls Skyrocketed by 275,000 in April vs 185,000 Predicted; DEMS &amp; MSM Obsessed with Dead
Lindsey is scared AF. He knows Barr is lying and he knows Trump is a
icarly is dead ?
It doesn't matter where you hide. Your children will hunt you down, find you, and tell you they're thirsty.
I just wanna roast a bone w the love of my life
The same stories get told over and over, jumping from Oxygen, ID, Dateline, 20/20, etc.
Awwww, they're treating you all the same way you've treated them for years? You poor babies.
It ain't easy being dummy thicc, just look at , whenever you take a nap you wake up to some perv checking
The Form One boys and girls
Ya. I think my cancer is very aggressive. The size dah down to 1cm. In three weeks, I minum bubble tea few
DS SZ 10.5 Travis Scott 1 coming in BIN: $1,200 and ships when they arrive. DM for more info.
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
dm me if u wanna come x
can you follow me so I can DM you please? it's about updating an email address on an order
You're my favorite parody account.
Saying "I miss you," means the same with "I love you" because logically speaking, missing someone will probably not
Just say yikes and move on with your life
Largest, smallest, it's all the same. They each get a baloney sandwich, a pack of toiletries, and bus ticket to a
Choreographed fight scenes in martial arts movies are shit once you realize they aren't actually trying to hit each
I don't like to post the same mix more than once, but I just found this video from a few months back and holy sh*t that
I hand made a bunch of boob pots - if you'd like one they are listed on my Etsy shop!! Link in bio. If you want a
Ryan O'Rourke gave up 8 Runs in 13 Innings pitched this year. Yikes! Are these all those BP
tbh I love your layout x
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
Vulture Street closed at South Brisbane (near West End) as emergency crews attend to a building fire. Please avoid the
POV: u walk into class and the same group of musical theatre kids are at it again
Wendy's owner is a big Trump donor who refuses to pay an extra penny per pound of tomatoes so that farm laborers can
You would eat anything smh I have standards at least
OMG YES I LOVE THAT INTERVIEWER
Think you are being shallow blocked bc I don't see your post. They did the same thing to D&amp;D
#EverythingIsAwesome! We're giving away a digital copy of #TheLEGOMovie2! RT &amp; Follow for a chance to win! Winner DM'd in 31
Bruh. What. The. Fuck.
1 May 1915: The #Lusitania departs New York City on its 202nd crossing of #Atlantic. Six days later the ship is sunk
"Phoenix Wright can't be in smash! He doesn't even have any moves?" Speak for yourself mother fucker this man killed god
When I wrot that column I had no idea AG William Barr was gonna come RIGHT OUT AND SAY today that RR was cleared by
first 50 to like and retweet gets $2000 #sugarbabywanted #sugardaddyneeded #sugardaddies #SugarDaddySerious #sugarmomma
I'm dead
Gotta be good at painting so they don't notice I can't do basic math-
I read so many comments of people requesting the same video of Ayrton but with Ratzenberger. I don't know if that
I value naps so much bruh
so ive concluded that this single shit aint it fam
mood:
Hi everyone, I'm doing a project where I want to ask #LGBTQ folks 50 years or older about their happiest memory. If
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
I guess its time to ship the Statue of Liberty back to France
sansa: you were better to me than the other men who abused me men:
Give the social media manager a raise because the replies had me dead
Fact. Scots universally gauge how good a country is by the price of a pint. "Just back from Poland" "Haven't been there,
I love you 3000
Same
not enough hilary duff either tbh
I can't believe it's been over 2 years since I opened 40 gacha capsules. Currently working something similar, but
chill, chil, chill, chill.
Bo jest to mood
All of them think it's ‘cute' and ‘fun'. These same cismen will gladly have anal sex with women
Oh they gone be lit if that happen
if im into you, nobody else is getting the same attention
.@ChrisCoons: "The president's demands to fire Mueller without cause are alarming and unacceptable. And Mr. Attorney
How dope is this!? michelleobama rocking a #ComptonCollege sweatshirt for #CollegeDay • RESPECT &amp; LOVE
Teachers don't have basic resources they need while billionaires get massive tax breaks. That's a disgrace.
Darvish is a guy that was always viewed as an Ace on a small market team for the Rangers, once
Some guys will invite you to the party that their side babe organised just to let you know You ain't shit!!! Such guys
Who knew that your redesign of Sonic would be green-lit
Anti-Zionism and Antisemitism are the same thing
Do you ever feel ok but you're empty at the same time &amp; you just want to talk to someone but you feel annoying so you
US ARMY!! please dm &amp; if you need funds and buy boy with luv. let's make boy with luv enter
Homicide is gonna be fire #COADM so excited to listen to it!
It's funny how girls are called "boring" because we don't drink, do drugs, go to clubs, have boyfriends etc. but the
Sassy is perfect for my mood today. Find your perfect shade for a chance to win! Take the Shade Your Mood
RT if you are loving AG Barr teach basic law to political Democrats who hate Trump more than they love America
also lil bbmas spoiler (not really) but y'all remember bts stages in america? like no decor and absolutely no flavor, it was
I know a lot of people will disagree with me, but I wouldn't be opposed to Disney buying the rights to Sonic if it
Each of you needs a #personalmakeover every 3-5 years. Stay focused on your #goals while enhancing #perception
some people just watch endgame because they wanna join the "hype" you will not understand or enjoy the movie if you skipped
Not even context helps tbh
The best tbh
johnny suh johnny talented johnny nctnightnight johnny cute johnny piano johnny chicago johnny dj johnny handsome
At least the Pokemon all have different move sets and not swords lmao
So when I turn back into a savage don't ask me why
I literally TAPPED a car this morning in the school drop off line. Going approximately 5mph, &amp; no harm to her
Please check your DM's we have been in touch. - Avi
All of whom are "actual koreans" as well as many of my friends
Genuinely seeing the same people who argue "sex is observed at birth and is immutable" now claim that Caster Semenya
If u tryna be like this hmu
Dekh tere bhakt kitne sexist hai. Imagine I say the same to that Sadhvi terrorist or Smriti Irani, will
Just sent another donation to Kamala because your stupid ass. I encourage everyone
Please can I ask for LOTS #pawpurrayers and #healing purrs for Thunder's fragile sisfur Lightening, who
me when I check my grades at the end of the semester
I fell for the shirtless surfers, too. Probably not for the same reasons you did, though.
SAME. GETS ME REAL AGGRO. Fucking internet losers protecting their anime abusers. Hazu isn't even a
Me sitting at home hungry af thinking bout that one time 6 years ago I stupidly didn't finish my meal
If you attend SHSU, dm me real quick.
William Barr is exactly the kind of Republican that Democrats say they respect. Yet when he doesn't do exactly what
I feel sorry for people on my TL who overstate their maturity when most of them are 19 going on 20. We're still young
Guys do the same exact thing if not worse
It involves a bats favorite place. A dark, wet cave. Drips from the ceiling.
Love the suit
Waaaaaaa! Home skillet has SKILLS! NICE STANCE! NICE FAST ACTION REDIRECT OF SCUMBAG INTO THE WALL. He will be
—&gt; New pinned tweet for a few weeks. — Jon Moxley Roleplayer, (was Dean.) — Literate/ Semi-descriptive. — SLs are
Today we have been sent these fascinating images from David Lambe showing what appears to be 2 different Blue Tit nests
Everybody in Philly is Muslim, so I know this is fake news.
Same
I need u to change my mood rn
ARMY dm me please I am bored here
Yes, thanks, that's a good example of how we can change things for the better when we know
waiting for someone willing to trade to hmu with a ghoul acc
YOU GET ONE LIFE!!! Do NOT WASTE IT WORRYING ABOUT WHAT OTHERS THINK! SHOOT FOR THE STARS WITH YOUR GOALS!
Time's running out for DCI Hunter. His wife and child are missing, perhaps even dead. Sacrificing Starlight by
Jennifer, I was thinking the exact same thing. All the attention lately on Biden, Bernie and Mayor
SAME THIS AND THE YUBIN ONE THAT WAS A HOLY DAY
Also, so weird that &amp; Democrats now seem so concerned about Rod Rosenstein overseeing the Mueller Probe when
RETWEET &amp; HEART the tweet above (not this tweet!) to win a pair of tickets for any of my sold out shows anywhere I'm
Ohio Peeps. October 2019...
Horny girls dm me, I am waiting for you. #sext #hornygirls
Unbelievable. #Barr is saying that the fact that President Trump didn't like the investigation was a legitimate ground
Was gonna bet Said Nurmagomedov as a dog next week. Looks like Raoni got a new opponent.
pleased to announce I'm in a bad mood again
Same shit different day
tbh im sick of * already and i've never EVER been tired of a *** title track this quick
My little old mum, after 65 years voting Labour has just done her postal vote. Lib Dem. "I can't take freedom of
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
dare-to-dm: yashas-strong-arms: probablybadrpgideas: "The players all are told to create mid level druids...
I know damn well if a random guy who wasn't famous pulled up to a date with fake nails y'all girls would be like wtf.
You're right, it is their choice, but what about the babies choice? I dont like what those people are
some people just watch endgame because they wanna join the "hype" you will not understand or enjoy the movie if you skipped
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
Absolutely true. Barr then called Trump innocent oh, and he also said he could be a prosecutor and a
Probably so the beds can be pushed together to make a bigger bed using the same sheets?
Who wants to join my ship on Sea of Thieves! I need a couple of sailors!
Mood:
Sheepdogs can't even scratch your own butt twittmo wants to control everything. What about FREEDOM? After 9-11 they
She's disgusting I'll bet she's nobody's wife
CALLING ALL INFLUENCER Wanna review Sextoys &amp; get free stuff? Work with us and DM now ! Our web :
Oof I hope everything gets better bud
Remember when Hoseok walked in on Jimin changing and said "sorry bae"
We've been listening to the same song for about a year now.
Bruh. What. The. Fuck.
Same here, day from hell!
Bruh. If u dnt wash that extra fat, bird feathers and absorption pad drip off the surface of that
BREAKING: Elizabeth Warren Has just called on William Barr to resign and for Congress to begin impeachment proceedings
If you need me, I'll be in....a weird mood!
Jos people How are you spending your holidays?? Indoors? Hanging out? Not sure? is Ready to serve you
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
This article from Victor David Hanson is a fantastic chronicle of what has taken place. If
Well zoo's kill animal that hurt humans so i guess it's ok for other's to do the same
Ter Stegen should be starting games for the national team now. This is 2019 not 2014 bruh. Neuer, time to go.
Your #PixiShelfie goals start here! &lt;winky face emoji&gt; Follow us on Instagram for more details on how you can enter to
I bet he hasn't read any of the report!
It is cool that they have their own people with them. Now they need to assimilate to America. If they don't
Sit down!
You're my favorite parody account.
Wizkid said "See that sexy girl from Ghana" and an extra country was created &amp; named accordingly. A legend
DM I'm nearly home on May 1, 2019 at 01:29PM.
Yeet
I'm the same - my Labour MP is who is a good person and who has tried his best - but now any vote for
tbh i really don't care as long as bts are having fun . it's what they deserve
percy pigs: we removed the gelatine so everyone can eat them :) they taste the same don't worry gelatine is flavourless
The entire screentime of Marvel Cinematic Universe is 3000 minutes. I love you, 3000.
This is all no different than someone going back and complaining about a movie trailer
May Day also means the revival of Beltane. This is in Scotland.
are all three of the jonas brothers going to be sitting on the same chair
OKAY BUT SAME
I literally TAPPED a car this morning in the school drop off line. Going approximately 5mph, &amp; no harm to her
Decided to update the ol' graphic for 2019! - Send me a DM if anything strikes your fancy -
'Worst day in the history of UNCC' | 2 dead, 4 injured after campus shooting
I would love to shoot with you for my upcoming photography and film series, DM me...
SAME UGH ITS LITERALLY ONE OF MY AESTHETICS
Farnborough Jobs: Corporate Sales Manager, Farnborough: SALES MANAGER Corporate Sales Manager required for our
tbh I usually kinda Dwell on episodes the day I watch them so this is normal for me but the fact
I'm hiring but you MUSTTTTT read the entire post and have used *ALL* of those tools before DM'ing me. Please do not
And this is important because??? The UN runs Canada??
I heard you were different Unlike what others see Images placed to please But inside you keep a secret The same one
#Gunfact #20: 2013, 26yrs woman shot dead by ex bf who killed himself after. He legally owned gun despite past
SEUNGMIN GOT SO EXCITED ABOUT THE GLASSES FILTER OMG LOOK AT THE WAY HIS FACE LIT UP
QQQ/NQ the same. profile wise, likely call it short in hole if no follow thru o/n and tomorrow
Me and the brother battle for Woke Supremacy this Thursday on the innanets, and Friday night at 11 on
They tried 2 reduce banks from have too much short term wholesale funding for NSFR regs.. only 2 create a
Her middle name is "Pirate", that's dope
"14 years old? even better" yikes
William Barr is exactly the kind of Republican that Democrats say they respect. Yet when he doesn't do exactly what
McManaman: "The fans here are so protective of Messi. You're not allowed to foul him. To kick him" No, you're are not,
Today's huge victory is same as that of 1971. No one in the world, including us, knows what we exactly won.
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
i cant wait for mcu phase 4 oof
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
mood
If this promo doesn't make you crave thunder and ratty blankets and microwave pizza we are not on the same
Same, I have mixed views on this too. The questions to complicated for a Twitter debate. I would
work just sent out an email for volunteer corporate FIRE MARSHALS. should i apply??? #JuliaInCorporateAmerica
This is pure convenience for the Pistons. Several NBA teams have their G-League affiliates in the same city. It
RT if you are loving AG Barr teach basic law to political Democrats who hate Trump more than they love America
I don't have kick but you can dm me. I'll go first.
YTP: Pink's Ship has NICE LEGS
May you please include Zulu as well. That guy is just not KC material, I can't even compare him with any of KC legends
I aint been in the mood none, my spirit off or something, everybody on weird shit, I really just wanna dip away for a few
The worst type of pal. My pals wanty go back way the same shitty guy 100x over al be there to pick the pieces up every
"Wear something casual, nothing too extra" me:
IM DEAD
Not the Dominican girls who have a mix of their fathers and mothers names like Rafelina
RT if you are loving AG Barr teach basic law to political Democrats who hate Trump more than they love America
South
mood
Every Retweet Will Get A Naughty Reward In There DM. #lipbite #horny #pussy #nudes #slut #spank

Sale is up! These wonderful lads can be yours for 3 euros each or 5 a pair! If you'll order them both you'll get the
Mood: Am I horny or do I just not want to study?
You know what i feel Pashtoon are very ladlay if same kind of party any punjabi or sindhi or balochi did he might
tom holland being savage
BAHAHAH!!! I want that same power!
Having the same "thirst" for each other &gt;
Like for random dm
Fort Loudoun waste and recycling 2742 Hancock St. fire in their recycling yard, paper cardboard and plastic burning.
bitch i'm too smooth i'm not in a mood tryna make mooooooves
How's Bob Malcolm not in that squad (or even Stephen Pearson despite the Wembley goal)?! Replace him for Bolder
i'm bored af
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
same
Working on a business plan to open a daiquiri shop/ chill spot
Kamala Harris rapid fire line of questioning obliterated the last shred of Barr's credibility This is why everyone is
Anyone tryna bet some money on a 3v3 game?
I miss you so much but, you'll never feel the same.
Can y'all stop quoting racist western stans and/or ssing and mentioning them and bringing them on the tl,,,, it's the
Damn this Album fire!!! #COADM
Since everyone is talking about the Sonic Movie, I want to direct your attention to the opening cutscene from Sonic
dos vaters juntos mi tipo de relationship goals
It is deeply appropriate that and "fucking idiot" are in the same headlines today.
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
Every Retweet Will Get A Naughty Reward In There DM. #lipbite #horny #pussy #nudes #slut #spank
I 100% AGREE they give off the same energy!! like such a delicate aura????
The fact that damn near every person in the replies laughing is a non-black woman......
Men kill other men (88% of homicides), beat and kill women (96% of DV) and beat eachother (78% of assaults). Women are 91% of
When 50 years ago Tarsem Singh Sandhu decided to wear a turban to work as a Wolverhampton bus driver, he lit a fire.
Shoutout to and here at Extra on the live stream - much deserved! Thanks
Why can't they go extra and look like they're going to Hawaii adding with the most expensive jewelry and ugly ass balenciaga shoes
Yikes I think I just need to move on cus I KNOW he does not like me in that way soooooooo byeeeeeeee yikessssss
Yikes
Who was on the police commission that selected Kealoha?
Glory Price: RM 58 Material: Cotton mix DM to order.
mood
Post Malone - rockstar (feat. 21 Savage)
Yall want me at school on time or y'all want me there everyday? Cant get both smh
Might be getting a job soon First person to dm thigh pics gets my first paycheck
BREAKING NEWS: Port Aransas police have found a body inside the truck that plunged into the ship channel last night.
The only person I feel sorry for on the Act is Nick, Gypsy really took advantage of that mentally disabled boy time
This that I missed you and love you sex
A smile is a curve that sets everything straight! Ensure it's your best one. #healthysmile
WH Pess Sec. Sarah Sanders: "AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for
Teachers don't have basic resources they need while billionaires get massive tax breaks. That's a disgrace.
Crazy you named the song after what im finna do if somebody ever play this around me
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
" Ian gone front , I hope you ain't just talking I'm finna drop dick in ya "
RADAR UPDATE: Smoke Plume is still showing up on Radar due to a recycling plant fire in north Knoxville please stay
hi DM pannu
huh, I guess these guys are not actual cops but actual fullblown psycho cultists
it's sad and funny at the same time that when EA started there new laucher they didn't took out games
Mood:
This is gonna be dope idc what any body is talking about !
McManaman: "The fans here are so protective of Messi. You're not allowed to foul him. To kick him" No, you're are not,
Nachos smh
Let's say - for arguments sake - that in 12 months time the ticket is
I hand made a bunch of boob pots - if you'd like one they are listed on my Etsy shop!! Link in bio. If you want a
Best-selling books of 2018: Michelle Obama's "Becoming" -- 3.4 million "Magnolia Table" -- 1.3 million "Girl, Wash Your
Dm me
Ya same
Why No Public Outrage? Why Media Silent? Why Gadchiroli not important for a day even but Pulwama is for months? Because
WE R THE SAME PERSON
Mood
They don't call it Tokyo Cy-ber Squad for nothin.
If you are affected by the Fort Loudon Waste &amp; Recycling fire, you can go to our 1718 N. Central location and the
Bruh I'm working for that bag too
tbh i feel like khalid n bts would rly have lots of fun working together so I hope it happens since the boys seem to want
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
It was 20 years ago, but survival rates are still the same. I don't get how that can be?
Respect is dead. Nobody's on that shit anymore &amp; it sucks
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
going to college AND working at the same time is a different type of tired
I have to be in the mood sjsjsj
Now when I hear doors slam too loudly in my dorm hall I get a little bit frightened that something is going down. I
Him Cain or???
So sad that I could picture this so perfectly LMAO
has anyone's mental health just been . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
not ready to watch endgame and the more i see people tweeting i love you 3000 i'm less ready than i was before
All for that in any country of the world
RT if you are loving AG Barr teach basic law to political Democrats who hate Trump more than they love America
My rescue dog nipped my friends baby in the same way, really could've taken out the babies
I'm still very VERY salty about Jesse Williams saying the world needed to do better by Black women while cheating on and
This is amazing.
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
I do request Pics &amp; Vids. HMU with your fantasy!
a mood
Wtf that fam
#hyungwonho is dead and so is my inspiration for continuing my fics.. lol
no suicidal shit but im high key done with having to wake up in my own personal hell everyday
i always hurt my own feelings by expecting the same energy i give
Under fire tech firm Huawei reveals how it plans to attract talent | Industry News | Recruitment Grapevine
So Joe Biden's son Hunter was dating his dead brother's wife?? That whole family is CREEPY! WTF!
I was recently in the same place. Trust that one day soon it really won't hurt as much.
Men are different
Since everyone is talking about the Sonic Movie, I want to direct your attention to the opening cutscene from Sonic
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
Nina Turner. Remember where she was on this day, May 1st. Standing with teachers in South Carolina. Walking what
When I wrot that column I had no idea AG William Barr was gonna come RIGHT OUT AND SAY today that RR was cleared by
When 2 of the #science charities I #volunteer for have their meetings at the same time (@RSB_Yorkshire
Well fuck. I was really going to try and endure this entire bilbar testimony, but lo and behold,
No cap !! But I hide the pain
First coutinho missed the chance and now vidal did the same mistake....
remember when seungkwan saw a fire, put out the fire, sat on a bench, broke the bench, fixed it and then proceeded to
They're both fucking cool af fuck
Thank you, Ma'am! You were on Fire! Yes! I was feeling Americans in The House! Great feeling!... you know, as opposed
Danang Dick &amp; Nathan Phillips Stolen Valor... Opposite sides of the same wooden nickel!
Earth's Survivors America The Dead: Begins The End When a catastrophic natural disaster looms on the near
Niggas will have a baby on you , fck your friend but will dead ass look at you like this when they find out you sucked
Twice's J-line has lived in Korea for roughly 7 years. They have done nothing wrong. They behaved perfectly. It must
Final's mood:...
It's the only position that makes sense, with Paredes, Guzman, Zambrano, etc already vying for the DM slot.
when a male character is confident, they're praised as "cool", "badass", "inspiring" and "witty" but when a female shows
McManaman: "The fans here are so protective of Messi. You're not allowed to foul him. To kick him" No, you're are not,
Same lol
omg same
Its like ISIS or Muslim Brotherhood or Hizbollah saying terrorism must be defeated!
Am I the only one that thinks is getting younger with the years? #goals #marcanthony
Niggas would show me avengers available in HD my moments before I gotta go to bum ass work smh
Men kill other men (88% of homicides), beat and kill women (96% of DV) and beat eachother (78% of assaults). Women are 91% of
Mood:
exactly she set the whole thing up now you don't want no parts of him smh
Smh people can't take an obvious joke
never will i judge a dude by what type of car he drives or how much money he has as long as he got goals none of that
The issue is, Trish has undone all that was sexiest about her. She doesnt even look the same
Its going round.. The chicken has come home to roast.
There is literally nothing that this contemptible man will not use.
selling carts hmu
FCuk can this semester end so i can play red dead 2 again
Same here!
she looks so creepy and super cute at the same time i-
Your dm's are open and i wait your answer dear
Trackign the bitch: Dzuzr Been feeling this way (stressed as fuck and wantign to die) since...ah since 5 or
Oof we better stan on that!
Also, so weird that &amp; Democrats now seem so concerned about Rod Rosenstein overseeing the Mueller Probe when
mood
If you ain't tryna fuck with me like this i don't want you
Politicians allowed "Wild Child" Jihadis Omar/Tlaib to swear oaths on the same Qur'an that provides a doctrinal basis for their Duty to Lie.
the hisoka one oof
So good I had to share! Check out all the items I'm loving on #poshmark #fashion #style
"dumb Southerner" "mentally retarded" "traitor" "couldn't even be a one-person country lawyer down in
A shout out to our fabulous colleagues in comms this week! You've all been great in supporting the
omg bet bet reached 24 views i'm so proud of them
When I wrot that column I had no idea AG William Barr was gonna come RIGHT OUT AND SAY today that RR was cleared by
RT if you are loving AG Barr teach basic law to political Democrats who hate Trump more than they love America
Me cause I needa large popcorn n a drink cause I ain't coming back till next year anyway
Quarantined: Cruise ship in the Caribbean quarantined over confirmed measles case. Nearly 300 passengers &amp; crew ordered
Not at all fam
at this point in my life you either treat me as a priority or i'm gone. i'm not wasting my time sitting around hoping you'll
How #TaylorSwift's record-breaking #ME! premiere is bringing back "FOMO moments" to music
Get our people's tragedy out of your mouth, you filthy hypocrite. Stop using our dead to troll us
Not paper straws dickhead! Sorry I'm on the same team but Scott is a LOSER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Go
while watching a class presentation, I notice that 2 of the presenters are in a relationship- every time the
justin (miranda-radbord) and i started playing vgc at the same time. he's been to almost every event i've ever
This girl got upset because my professor showed us a deaf porno smh
Happy Birthday to Celtic legend Danny McGrain. Here's some of his goals, and the man himself talking about the fans,
I have officially run out of food at this point.
Im in a bad mood so I ordered a fat take away
My holiday was short AF, how was yours?
SEOKJIN SAID I LOVE YOU 3000 N HOSEOK STARTED SNAPPING HOS FINGERS WHERE MY MARVEL ARMY STANS AT
Aight so I see what you're doing for others and it's become very clear you don't want to do that for me
Twitter boys used to rule Twitter with jokes, subs and all untill you instagram girls came to steal all the attention
This is legit hard AF for me but if I have to choose then Vol 2 is out of here
Another shooting in America. This time at my cousin's college in North Carolina. 2 students dead. What is it going to
In a comparison of their logic being the same as what he was
Men need the same love you expect us to give you
If I bring it up and talk about it and you blow it off I'm a just start doing you the same way.
"You're going to look at me and tell me that I'm wrong"
Tomorrow is Holocaust Memorial Day and I've lit a candle for Pinkhes Aizner who died at Auschwitz in 1944 at just 9
jk rowling and the russo brothers have the same energy
Umm I can't even explain ....thank you ...I can't believe this...thank you love
Blonde Moment #1 Today my professor said, "For your final extra credit assignment of the semester, put your name
JIMIN SAID YES WE ARE ALWAYS IN THE SAME CAR BITCH LOOK AT MY BOYFRIEND LOOK AT HOW PRETTY I AM LOOK AT HOW RICH AND
7 is great! I'd get the 7 plus or an 8 but that's personal opinion. I have the X but I miss my 7 tbh
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
are all three of the jonas brothers going to be sitting on the same chair
Bet Im bout to look real dumb trying this.
This, my friends, is called POPULAR SUPPORT. This, my friends, is NOT a coup. This is the beginning of the end of the
When payola grande does same thing as Taylor she become smart hmmmm
Tbh, the first interview I ever saw of them was the puppy interview and at the time I had heard one song
There's something seriously wrong when death threats are sent to Chris (or anyone),who stands for integrity, morality &amp;
As Noah Drozda sprints to home plate with his new baseball team, each leg moves with the same strength and stride as the
since bbmas today let me bring back this clip of yoongi being so shy next to taylor swift please look at how he slowly
Congrats, #DerangedDonald!! An amazing accomplishment!! No one but you could have achieved this. Not just the number.
mood
Let's Celebrate #Alien40th! We're giving away a digital copy of #Alien! Simply RT &amp; Subscribe to our #YouTube channel for a
Barr was AG of the US while she was smoking dope and listening to Tupac before he even released his
Just another day for the worst government in living memory.
New pics from #GameofThrones S8 E4 shows the North burning the dead and getting ready for war with #Cersei
I need a sugar daddy smh
Babygirl need to come on cinco de mayo so we can get lit with the margaritas lol
BREAKING: Elizabeth Warren Has just called on William Barr to resign and for Congress to begin impeachment proceedings
Your favorite sister dommes, and I, went out for a sub funded lunch! DM to be dual drained by the
I hand made a bunch of boob pots - if you'd like one they are listed on my Etsy shop!! Link in bio. If you want a
FUN FACT: Grace Hopper found the first "actual case of bug" in a computer. She found a dead moth found in a relay of
Hello, this woman has gone missing in Lebanon (she lives in Maamoura). If someone knows anything about her or spots
CleanUpExpress RT/FB DM 4 a ride
COMMS OPEN AGAIN, 5 SLOTS AT A TIME! DM to ask and take a slot!
What's promising about bts career is the continuous progress, that's why they always 10 steps ahead of others
BREAKING: Elizabeth Warren Has just called on William Barr to resign and for Congress to begin impeachment proceedings
"Avoid alcohol and salty foods when menstruating" *pours glass of wine and opens a bag of chips* DON'T TELL ME
I asked what I thought was a simple
BREAKING: Elizabeth Warren Has just called on William Barr to resign and for Congress to begin impeachment proceedings
reminder you have 5 days to create and publish a patreon so you won't have to pay extra for the same service
so he was on his phone for 5 days &amp; still didn't see my pinned tweet?? smh
i'm signed off work for a bit under strict instruction to be chill so i'm rewatching all of line of duty from the
I have a prize wall set up behind me to make it extra fun! Donation prizes include art commissions from community
oprah's PR team are trying to do damage control after backlash. That's why celebrities &amp; media are posting her to
MY GUY WE ARE IN THE SAME AREA WTF
morgan: my mom said dad's up in the stars now but i can't see him yet.. when you go back up to space, can you give him a
Athletic club to ‘cease operations'/ Boy, 9, shot, suspect sought/ Timeline for massive fire cleanup at state
hrrrnnggh Soundwave, I'm trying to catch the meddling humans but I'm dummy thicc and the clap from my trigger crotch
$MAXD Is Bringing The Same HD Experience We Enjoy With Out Eyes To Our Ears ENTER TO WIN
mood
morgan: my mom said dad's up in the stars now but i can't see him yet.. when you go back up to space, can you give him a
What a hypocrite: While Trump demonizes immigrants, his New York country club exploits undocumented workers and steals
Has Barr been asked under oath if he's read the entire text of the Mueller report? He can't answer basic questions
They're starting to wet the bed... Sally thought she was a sure thing to become PM, So now she trots out this
Translation: is standing w/ Donald Trump, Mike Pompeo, John Bolton, and Elliot Abrams as they attempt a regime
hes awesome and precious :3c (fave marvel heros are tbh: Rogue, spider-man, Groot, Ironman)
BREAKING: Elizabeth Warren Has just called on William Barr to resign and for Congress to begin impeachment proceedings
And if I do go by myself, and hit, I'm calling my brothers down there. Ppl be in there losing everything, they
Please read this thread, it breaks my heart and fills me with anger at the same time.
Hey dude! Got a question, DM? - Asking about emotes being approved, heard you know something lol.
giving hormone blockers to trans kids desperately begging for them is Bad, but forcing a cis woman who absolutely
There are currently 109 vessels in the port of Vancouver. Bulker: 13 Container: 2 Cargo: 1 Cruise Ship: 1 Ferry:
Quoto!
It's May already???? damn my summer body is not coming this year smh
This continuous harassment of women must stop. Yesterday it was police going on rampage harassing and arresting LGBT
so men getting manicures is gay now ? Y'all ignorant af
being ugly is so heartbreaking you'll be having a good time then catch a glimpse of ya reflection and it kills ur whole mood
Everybody in Philly is Muslim, so I know this is fake news.
Do yall ever read a message from someone &amp; think "see this is why I don't like fucking talking to you" bc same
DM sent
man were really tryna put robertson in the same breath as alba
Woke up like disssss
Im not arguing with people that think conceding 62 goals in 47 matches in one season warrants a top ten goalkeeper ranking
We'd be happy to look into this for you! Please DM your reservation number or rental agreement number
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
Look what I found on Mercari! Fire Agate stack posted by TIG
please don't ship me with any of my friends please. thanks.
I remember when Madeleine Albright said there was a special place in Hell for women who didn't support
Ladies and gentlemen, THIS is how you ROAST A PIG!!!!!!!!!
I really love graduation season esp cuz I'm Samoan. Polynesians are really the epitome of extra when it comes to this
For the same reason you're not dead. It's not my time.
It might not even be the same one. I've seen it here and on Instagram. Someone ileven said
everyone says this but never stops to think "what if thanos had a butt plug?"
yikes i'm on the swing and some people just jumped on next to me
I understand very well what he's saying here. He's saying 2020 candidates shouldn't
Lmao ima get someone to try it
same
I need assistance for my phone app. Trying to open it and it request for OTP. Onyeneho Anthony Onyema 3063674449
mood
[dipping my feather quill into the inkwell and adjusting my spectacles] dearest diary, it seems the day is different but
JIN JUST SAID.... I LOVE YOU 3000 TO US... MARVELARMYS....
are all three of the jonas brothers going to be sitting on the same chair
Selling a 22k and 5k twitter DM ME!
try girls of paper and fire
This is an ad on Instagram and I'm only a little offended I haven't gotten it yet tbh Video from peachy.stump on
"ugh! mr. rogers, i ALMOST forgot, that suit did nothing for your ass." "no one asked you to look, tony." how many of u
Las Vegas peeps! If you don't have plans tonight and wanna see my friend host the Billboard Music
"Despite years of lofty promises from government officials, a recent Auditors General report shows that Canada has
i bEt tHe AiR iS cRiSp Af tHeRe
You're my favorite parody account.
Fmr. CIA Director John Brennan: "I'm still waiting for those Republicans to realize that the ‘Trump ship' is a sinking one,
Beyond ridiculous. HIS administration proposed decommissioning the ship in the first place. Nobody else.
RT if you are loving AG Barr teach basic law to political Democrats who hate Trump more than they love America
The twitter men cliques be so corny
[PH ONLY] PH baebys!!!! we'll be giving away two banners to one lucky winner! mechanics: - follow - rt
Question? Who is the most influential to the President of the United States? The VP? Biden was for 8 years. Now
I really was the person all my childhood homies called while they was booked. They always checked up on me. Even Zay . RIP smh
Tbh, yes. I needed braces years ago but I was so ill and it wasn't *absolutely* necessary so I put it off till
percy pigs: we removed the gelatine so everyone can eat them :) they taste the same don't worry gelatine is flavourless
I have had a long day, it's 11pm at work and I'm sending emails and all I wanna do is just go home, rather than
The worst type of pal. My pals wanty go back way the same shitty guy 100x over al be there to pick the pieces up every
phone been dry since I stopped being the first to reach out smh
Yeah, Charlotte!
If u have a sag or someone w sag placements in ur life you basically have a bodyguard lmao they will literally fight
are all three of the jonas brothers going to be sitting on the same chair
It's sad that this is so rare
so he finna kill these niggas once again?
Rep. Ilhan Omar asserted "This is not going to be the country of white people" during a rally in DC yesterday.
NY A.G. investigating allegations that — while was attacking illegal immigrants — he was exploiting his
It's been an ongoing problem in the trans community with people targeted by TERFs who run
TAYLOR SWIFT Lyrics MV ME! Just come out seconds ago. Ain't gonna got any sleep with all the
Damn, 6 goals in 6 games. Not sure how I hadn't heard of him before.
Couldn't break himself out of a wet paper bag.
Best-selling books of 2018: Michelle Obama's "Becoming" -- 3.4 million "Magnolia Table" -- 1.3 million "Girl, Wash Your
May is my birthday month! You can bet your ass I'm doing cute lewd bday photo sets
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
Dope!
Smh ridiculous
U ever get high and ur subconscious be like "look at you, you piece of shit" cause same.
Do yall ever read a message from someone &amp; think "see this is why I don't like fucking talking to you" bc same
Guys, no shade to the culture for quitting your jobs to focus on your craft. RESPECT. But take it from someone who had
Y'all can have these popular niggas.. I like mine low key &amp; out these hoes face &amp; all about me!
Assuming you mean infertile, this is just a tragedy, but the actions are still
RT if you are loving AG Barr teach basic law to political Democrats who hate Trump more than they love America
he lit vossi flopped
Idc what anyone says Gotye made one of the most fire songs of all times
The dead body of a black woman at that?!? The eyes don't lie so......
New place on Saturday. New phone tomorrow. New suit on Monday. It's lit around here
If Marinette looks like ladybug &amp; ladybug has been theorized to be both the same age of Adrien &amp; go to his
Lol smh you right !
Sen. Dianne Feinstein questions Barr about the report's findings that Trump asked Don McGahn to fire Mueller and that Trump
Yeah same
All the Petticoat Patrakars have been asked not to report this since MP is now a Congress ruled state.
LOONA STANS GOT ME DEAD AFFFF
Foul af. The decline of men right in front of our eyes
Draymond had LeBron eyes looking like that too. Nigga dead ass be digging in his butt before games
Ok but park min young has amazing chemistry with ALL her fellow lead costars damn. I shipped her w park seojoon but now I
#FailingGrayling burns ANOTHER £50m of taxpayers money on #FerryGate I'm furious! To make it real, that's 2974
At which point do you just stop, if ever? You can only ask the same question so many times. When you dont
O liverpool vai empatar i bet
What's promising about bts career is the continuous progress, that's why they always 10 steps ahead of others
idk why i laughed wtf is happening to my humour snjsbshs
remember when seungkwan saw a fire, put out the fire, sat on a bench, broke the bench, fixed it and then proceeded to
percy pigs: we removed the gelatine so everyone can eat them :) they taste the same don't worry gelatine is flavourless
Indian Army Soldiers in uniform are caught forcing voters to vote for .Downfall of a nation is when men in
I stand by the brave men we've lost in Gadchiroli to terrorism. But Vivek I urge you to stop begging for relevance,
Was thinking the same....they be ded
they're the same age but the height difference uwu
The entire screentime of Marvel Cinematic Universe is 3000 minutes. I love you, 3000.
who finna catch this 'wyd'
"I love you 3000"
thicc
Do you want to know how dead the Mueller report is , and the Russian collusion narrative is? The unredacted version
ITS DISGUSTING. I BEEN TRYNA TELL PEOPLE THAT SHIT IS NASTY
In which Jim Comey throws Bill Barr and his reputation under the bus. Others might do the same thing if the new boss
I went to East Delhi Lok Sabha constituency to find the mood of the people. They definitely want as PM
Whoooa, history! Great find!
What a fucking cheek. The absolute nerve of the man....
Some taco salad sound goooood af rnnnn!!! I gotta make some tonight
House Bill Aims to Curb Israeli Abuse of Palestinian Children
I also can't believe Goku just decided to stay dead, like I know this obviously isn't finally but JC he's been dead for like 5 years now
Them jokes wet. straight ps4 on these niggas
i can't stand y'all lol you will dead ass talk maddd shit about somebody and then say how good of a friend
What will happen is after reset on Thursday the one in our inventory will auto delete then when Xür
Same! I'm looking forward to LITTLE VOICES and saw that you blurbed it.
We really all lived the same childhood in different houses
Hot and horny #Lesbian babes eats straight wet girl pussy ! #Erotic Clip &gt;&gt; &lt;&lt;
Bella Price: RM 49 Material: Cotton Polyester DM to order.
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
big mood
SICC MY CAR IS DEAD
Why everybody hating on bruh because he wanted to be different the man wanna be a homicide detective just like black
AND I MET OTHER KINGS AND THEY DID SAME THING..POOF GONE ITS THEY EVER DO POOF WHAT DO I OWE YOU ISALM
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
So looking to chill and hook up with some sexy ass guy , NYC where you at ?
mood
My g thats called self care. Dirty nails = pussy infections. The only thing that makes you gay as a man is
i almost forgot that tbh djdndndn
Rep. Ilhan Omar asserted "This is not going to be the country of white people" during a rally in DC yesterday.
are all three of the jonas brothers going to be sitting on the same chair
The 3 on the bottom should be: Venezuelans* *deluded and uneducated unless they support Maduro 100% but trust us, guys we
Take our people out your filthy mouth. We know what you are, we have no interest in your crocodile tears. Yom HaShoah is
My devoutly christian parents were abusive, my marriage was a sham, prayer was never answered, miracles were never
i'm starting to believe y'all don't know what it means to be gay...
Did my 22 year old brother just draw on me with a highlighter and then tell my parents it's because I'm important? So
McManaman: "The fans here are so protective of Messi. You're not allowed to foul him. To kick him" No, you're are not,
And has a wallet w a chain attached
Tonight I lit a #yellowcandle to remember Teresa Shechter from Lujeni who was murdered at Transnistria in 1943,
I'm waiting
[RT] for university im doing a project about the fans of "gacha" games. if you regularly interact with the community of
mood
oof i need this
Hello, this woman has gone missing in Lebanon (she lives in Maamoura). If someone knows anything about her or spots
Anti-5G people are the new Anti-Vax people. 3G and 4G are fine and we use it every day, but 5G? That's where I draw
Days after four members of a Sikh family were found shot dead in their Ohio apartment, authorities are trying to find out who
Welp since my accident that I should be dead from, I just got my call for my offer settlement of 15,000
mood
We are so cute!!!! And making the same face skksksks
Based on Barr's explanations there would never be an investigation of a sitting
Same thing happened to me. The gun didn't even shoot.. AND I WAS SPAMMING THE PUMP
Do yall ever read a message from someone &amp; think "see this is why I don't like fucking talking to you" bc same
Old id suspended aairuchu U know la.. indha id Dm open la illa..
A lot of people have asked about my 3142 tactics. Here's the flavour I've been using today (think I've won 6-7 straight
bruh namjoons titties should be called joobies
i woke up today with the biggest case of imposter syndrome
New item for sale from YouKnowYouNeedThis1! She's so basic #usedpanties #pantyfetish
We are in peril. Only a miracle would awaken the partially dead repubs to rise and do the right thing.
Condemnable without any if's and but's !!!
JIN JUST SAID.... I LOVE YOU 3000 TO US... MARVELARMYS....
I'm genuinely scared of growing up. Not because of my future but the world's. It's sad to know we live in a world
[10.26 pm] watching the walking dead for the second time until the red carpet is being live streamed
Not get in. But dad got it figured with money. Middle school was fun? I guess? Idk i laughed all the time.
Going out and returning home safely is underrated tbh.
ACADEMY INTERNATIONAL WATCH | Young Addick, James Beadle was called up to the England Under 15's squad as they took
Just woke up, Barcelona are winning wow
happy May Day! i will be spending this day the same way i spend every wednesday, by spending as much company time on
Thank you for reaching out. We would love to gather some more information please send us a DM so we
mood
Oh my god, the Detective Pikachu Twitter account is going full on savage about the Sonic Movie. I love this so much
my mood for sweetheat is rico .
SEOKJIN SAID I LOVE YOU 3000 N HOSEOK STARTED SNAPPING HOS FINGERS WHERE MY MARVEL ARMY STANS AT
#PlayingNow: 'Adventures by Morse - It's Dismal to Die (Sun Repeats Wed)', Up Next: 'You Bet Your
Reading The Quiet Violence of Dreams was like looking at myself in the mirror and then having the mirror shattered into a
same
My #WomanCrushWednesday is this drop dead gorgeous lady
Still FA hmu guys
johnny suh johnny talented johnny nctnightnight johnny cute johnny piano johnny chicago johnny dj johnny photography
If you wanna win top crew dm me or $20 cashapp or PayPal.
Nobody likes a thirsty.
speaking from going to the gym and for friends that have, people never ever remember even thinking
CLOSING REPORT: No decay so far in $VX Model beating or equal to $VIX and $VXXB using all metrics Model equal to $SPX
look at the pokemon account. look how proud they are of this movie. how they've been enthusiastically showing off
He's been afraid to play me smh
you didn't have to do that.. i'm: upset
Mueller is pissed because the summary didn't include the generalized mood of his report. Well, tough. It's not the job of
CLOSING REPORT: Hardly a noticeable move in $VIX with this small pullback...need at least -2% Model beating or equal
Sunday morning church with the fam vs Saturday night with the squad
Same.
I bet you hate Nachos, Doritos, etc.. right?
I bet you thought this tweet would blow
People about to break their necks jumping on tabIes n shit for this challenge smh
New pics from #GameofThrones S8 E4 shows the North burning the dead and getting ready for war with #Cersei
Avocado letting you know she's going to cost extra
SAME!!! I thought the wall was weak or something... I thought I was just slow and dumb
AG Bill Barr served President George H.W. Bush honorably as AG and has done the same for President Trump. Democrats only
BernieSanders: Teachers don't have basic resources they need while billionaires get massive tax breaks. That's a
Yall want me at school on time or y'all want me there everyday? Cant get both smh
Due to the constant fanning of the flame by progressive communists, the embers of dormant masculinity
lool smh
When an African woman starts winning them all, there'll always be those who try move the finish line. Will these crazy
If only you had pursued doping with the same enthusiasm. But no, you target innocent and amazing athletes #CasterSemenya
Another unrealistic body standard being pushed on women smh
