just a thought but yk how bts have been referencing old songs/themes etc? like boy in/with luv and the whole time
A salad where they touched every piece.
"Dangerous time to tell the truth"? Come on. I run a project of Mexican journalists covering cartels—they face danger.
May is #MentalHealthAwarenessMonth Many may not know that the change in seasons can impact a persons mood &amp;
words cannot describe how proud i am of this boy for actively advocating for such an imperative cause. love ya,
when you open someone's profile and the "follows you" is gone
Next episode looks like things will change... Ep8 is usually the first kiss episode for many romcoms, the turning point, I'm ready
Coming in Straight from Control Room, Pakistan Army Drone targeted RAW backed Terrorists and DESTROYED a Vehical
Barr just admitted he did not look at the evidence in the Mueller report. Nor did Rosenstein. Nor did anyone in the
It's less about justifying myself and more about limiting the amount of DM's I get asking these questions. Every GA
Anyone watching these hearings who still feels like men are the only people capable of taking down Trump are not watching
Amber Spa: Prom Specials! -
BREAKING: Sen. Mazie Hirono Just said This to Barr "You are no different than Rudy Giuliani or Kellyanne Conway or
Happy birthday, Sebastian! I still remember that time I helped you with your college essay.
OMG IT'S NOT ONLY MY MOM THEN???!!
If Barr is this horrible with senators asking questions you get why he's afraid of House counsel
43' A great ball from the visitors found Fallowfield in space down the right and his low cross is turned behind by Tunnicliffe. (2-0)
just make a damn porno already we all know is hung af
Bring in the Spring with my book thing.
I think about u 72 hours per day..
HELLO!! HELP ME GAIN 100 RETWEETS, 100 LIKES AND 1000 REPLIES OF #BBMAsTopSocial EXO LET ME GET THIS
okay whatever man. Like I said I dont have anything against you sev &amp; I was one of them
A testament to using your allotted time to asking factual and pointed questions rather than opining
Say Alhamdulillah for everything that you've got.
just remember i'm always joking unless you're down
When I think of all the stuff I've been through I have confidence I can get through this. I trust that God will take
If you can go a day or two without talking to me then go a few more. And more
I just got Curious Cat, ask me anything!
All the republicans are doing is evading real questions. They don't give a damn about the truth! They don't care
Lady Mustangs load the bases with no outs Reedy defense shuts them down. After 2 1/2
Should Scotland be an independent country? RT if you intend to #voteYES
Idgaf if yall tired of these lol, open for a mf surprise
men will literally kill you
Okay, but please befriend me? Sometimes my dm's can get very piled up and its hard to respond to everyone but...
This was admission of a cover-up, folks. Save this moment for the history newsreels. (If there are any).
Wow! Love seeing all that red in South Carolina for the state wide educator walkout! #MayDay #RedforEd
Grapple? And he doesn't know suggest? He has also failed his teachers!
So what is the difference between the fauxminists (TERfs, gen crits, etc) and the religious right, the far right,
New pics of General Musharraf from hospital bed in Dubai. He has filed an appeal for post Ramadan appearance. SC had
I don't know but it ain't me
"Shared with who?" Barr pretends that polling data was not shared by Paul Manafort with Russian Oligarch Kilimnik -
This week, during a hearing on preventing veteran suicide, we heard from Dr. Richard Stone, head
We hope that Gilchrist Blue Springs State Park is not allowing fish and wildlife to spray (Cancer agent)
"So I was bored and decided to make this..." The most popular lie creatives tell when they share their work. Talented
STATES CAN STOP THE CARAVANS USING ‘WAR POWERS' Former Attorney General of Virginia Ken Cuccinelli says US Constitution
.@CoryBooker: "Should the American people be grateful that Trump made several attempts to thwart an investigation into
What a sad world we live in....
Haha maybe... But for the citizens of this free country, those born on U.S.A soil offer them nothing but let them
i was bored and trying to forget how depressed endgame made me so i made a captain america edit set to old town road
We go hands-on with the single-player campaign of 3 for some silly and chaotic fun. Read our preview here on
"The latest Mortal Kombat entry is just as good of a bloody time as the previous one, albeit with questionable
Sisi slips past the defense. Money. #UAAPSeason81Volleyball
I find it weird "insta girl" is now an occupation tbh
1. Hunting mountain lions is not only legal, but regulated closely. 2. Doubt the meat went to waste &amp; 3. Mountain
This is not honesty. This is not integrity. If Mr. Barr didn't tell Congress the truth, and it appears he didn't, then he
why do u love her
‘If you get this science through to the general population they will make some very wise decisions. ‘
Theres not a single Democrat in this hearing I have an ounce of respect for. They're all corrupt in one way or
Another part. Sen Hirono going in on Barr "the American people know you are no different from Rudy Giuliani or
And now we're down to 1 hour left of voting! ARMYs thank you for voting with us as always. You all worked hard until
I can't decide who is the more loathsome, amoral, deceitful, duplicitous &amp; unAmerican Senator, or
I believe it this time I vote Louis Tomlinson for #BBMAsTopSocial
What system you on?
People: you dont look that different. Me:
thats right forget your feelings for the one that stole your first the someone that
I think many of us have known for a while but this clip is particularly good for those who can't
I have dealt with almost all the #RealEstate in #Dubai. And all have been great Except #Damac. They have been
if you see this tweet you're obligated to retweet and reply with the voting hashtag (#BBMAsTopSocial BTS you
have you guys seen this?!?!? What is this dude on! Holy Moly!
Bro am I reading this correctly ? Like deadass is this real life? What in the fuck is wrong with y'all. This is white
Guys which team you are ?? If you choose twitter team you need to reply 5 times If you choose website team you need to
"The new documentary is worth a watch, no matter your political persuasion." I'm so glad #KnockDownTheHouse is inspiring people
The Office. Parks and Rec. Always Sunny.
Since Paula Radcliffe is on a mission to humiliate Caster Semenya lets all take a moment to remember the time she did a
Chris Grayling ignored procurement rules that were put in place to stop public money being wasted He negotiated
An A press is an A press. You can't say it's only a half. We are number one! - the orange scorpion of the river called Izzi
.@CoryBooker: "Should the American people be grateful that Trump made several attempts to thwart an investigation into
y'all bitches better start pulling the nigga dick out. scary hoes lmao
What's your favorite track from April And A Flower? Mine is Love Words #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
We're giving away a set of #MarvelLegends #XMen figures! RT &amp; Follow for a chance to win! All countries welcome!! Winner
Barr tells Kamala Harris that neither he nor Rosenstein looked at the underlying evidence in Mueller's report.
keep my chapstick on me like it's a glock
morgan stark you will never be famous
bitch i have like one drop of service and im tipsy and i judt saw the insta post bastille are doing what!?!??!?! am i dreaming?!?!?!?!?
I don't think scared is the right word. I think he thinks you're beneath him. MARK MY WORDS.
#AvengersEndgame‘s chalked up an estimated $33.4M yesterday, which is the best Tuesday result for any Disney Marvel
Thank you for defending the United Kingdom and NATO. Would that would do the same. She
can't nobody stop you but you
This is the perfect time for the world billionaires to flex on us,it doesn't have to be Paris,help these people !!!!
ARMYS RT TO SHARE A CUTE VIDEO W OTHER ARMY #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
Why do some managerarmys want BTS to leave bighit so badly, like have u seen the other companies
RT and reply "I will wait for you Xiumin" + the tags or else you're a Xiumin anti #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
AHAHAHA I'm referring to a mother bc let's face it there's more deadbeat dads than not lately, I
If you liked the TGU cue that StrongFirst posted this morning, you'll LOVE this article. Glad to see some
Hey Kenworth I have a parkour map and I'm trying to get it published can you check it out my epic is acklin12
I'm stealing the show. Love or hate me I'm here to fight and always show up to fight. The real boxing fans
You are a special kind of ignorant aren't you? What a schiffhead.
but she has a valid point. i cant remember the last time i've seen a worm.
Great, honest tweet Tom. Thank you for speaking for me &amp; many more for whom brexit is a catastrophe
[A347] MEME time! Sorry, i can't do serious anymore! ^.^ RTx3470! #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
I wish A. G. Barr would snap and tear the Dems a new one on live T. V.
I could not agree with you more.
This is content I like to see.
teamwork makes the dream work. [@BTS_twt #BBMAsTopSocial BTS]
"Design is not neutral" As products have been built around the idea that removing friction leads to success, it's
I honestly have no problem w/ celebs airing their opinions. It is horseshit, however, when they're given a type
Barr tells Kamala Harris that neither he nor Rosenstein looked at the underlying evidence in Mueller's report.
I need more thread like this not about your ex were trash or breakup thang
Not usually one to tweet like this but we've got 30 years until the planet dies unless we do something so this is my
deconversion stories always resonate with people. It helps knowing that you're not the only one that thought or felt something.
"They ain't got nothin'" is a double negative meaning the exact opposite of what you meant. MAGA?
Barr's answer to denying knowledge of Mueller's concerns over his summary, was deliberately false
Oh really? Lets have a go on debunking your jingoism: 1. The
Shoutout to the parents who support regardless
Democrats are no match for Barr, their limited intelligence is in stark contrast with the AG. I'm embarrassed for them!
HBO announces a new high of 17.8 million viewers for Game of Thrones on Sunday night. Episode one of season eight has now
&lt; BBMA &gt; If you would dedicate one song for SUHO, what song will it be? 1 Retweet = 1 Vote 1 Reply = 1 Vote* *reply with
Thank you you too
men will literally kill you
JUST TO CLEAR THE AIR... I don't give a FUCK about no hoe.. I'm not jealous of no hoe.. I'm not in competition with no
our school buses didn't even have heat...
Imagine reading a book that is 22 chapters long and skipping to the 22nd chapter and complaining that the 22nd chapter didn't
I was denied this job internship over headscarf??Cause of "POLICY" reasons I don't get it they should have specified it
"I think the American people have seen that you are biased, and that's your conflict of interest." to
The Latina Queen fucking the dirt out of
UEFA CL... "Known" bettor just took Barcelona -108 for $54K. Separate "known" bettor took Liverpool +340 for $20K.
So this is such an awesome answer. 100 likes. (1 like and 1 retweet).
This gone be the hottest song of the summer if he do so. Idk why y'all playing like a Drake feature don't make shit
Solipso(17 cornac solipsist) was blazed to death by a ritch flamespitter on Sandworm lair 2.
Whisper a scripture in my ear.
Rappers do acid once next thing u kno they next tape b named "Intergalactic microdose of truth" vol 1.
May is going to bring you new energy, improved mental and physical state, spiritual growth, abundance in every area of
Look at the line-up for tonight! Wow! My last vote for my boys before getting into meetings. RT to vote!
Justice Smith is a real one, damn
The Attorney General's answer here did not fully capture the context, nature, and substance of the truth.
Yeah i get sad too ... Rt to vote for Louis Tomlinson for #BBMAsTopSocial
I'd like to hear Barr asked directly: When you took office did you order/request/demand that Robert Mueller finish the

Hirono: Mr. Attorney General, give us some credit for knowing what the hell is really going on around here with
Well excuse us Moneybag Yo, but who in the hell finna willingly &amp; proudly pay $14 for a pack of skittles &amp; a small
Thank you for setting out the solution so clearly. The solution to #EndOurCladdingScandal really is that
my heart does a little "!!!!!" when i see you
Each child needs paper and pen. Call out a key word. Chn write it down
It's a FULL house!!
"Yeah this is way worse than being shot dead," said the ghosts of Lincoln and JFK.
The Cincinnati #Reds have told Nick Senzel that he's being called up to the Major Leagues.
That group will be a lot thinner in a year. He just needs to show up &amp; do his job to secure his spot
Read the damn whole Mueller Report!
Found Me by Demione Louis New EP coming soon. The road to your dreams is paved with pain, suffering, backstabbing,
Omg I'm hyperventilating.... this totally made my day! *v*
I won't let you go #BBMAsTopSocial GOT7
Me too I'm on may 10th

Some of you motherfuckers shouldn't be tying your own shoes, never mind have a Twitter account
#lol you are a #joke ...you lost on 2016. Get over it.
Good morning library peeps! Was reading abt Trevor Noah and vocal chord surgery. See attached: librarian stereotype. How
Sadaqah. • Doesn't decrease wealth. • It's like a deposit, you withdraw on Qiyamah. • It expiates Sins. • Give it to
So BTS will be having stage decorations instead of their usual empty stage and their rehearsal is a closed rehearsal where
Mazie Hirono is like if the NPR Facebook comment section came to life.
I'm running late for work because I decided to run and buy some chairs
Barack Obama failed to grasp the nature of his political enemies, and delivered appallingly bad policy in many areas
# 2 : The firms were , Kirk , Matthews &amp; Co , Melbourne Brewery , Regent St , Leeds and Carter &amp; Sons ,
Under this tweet, there will be 5,000 comments, from 5,000 Tweeps Like all the comments Follow all who like your
I lost my dad, exactly 2 years today. I wanted to give sadaqa on his behalf, but I don't really have money, so I designed
Senator Ted Cruz hit the nail on the head!
scorpios, leo's, libras and gemini's looking in the mirror everyday knowing they're the best signs.
Bill Evans Trio "The Peacocks" Album: "You Must Believe In Spring"
Wow - nearly three times the necessary number of signatures. The Peterborough by-election is on.
[A347] MEME time! Sorry, i can't do serious anymore! ^.^ RTx3470! #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
"Vampire Weekend Wraps Breakdowns in Musical Smiles on ‘Father of the Bride'" by JON PARELES via
Courtesy of we're kicking off our month of charity fundraisers by auctioning off this amazing
Gimme ubication I'm slapping a bitch
DID HE ACTUALLY SAID HE LOVES US 3000????? this bitch just killed all those who watched the endgame 3000 times much
Impressive list. Only 10% of baseball teams made it. Congrats to Nick Schnabel (AHC/RC Rucker
Kamala Harris to William Barr: "I think you've made it clear that you did not look at the evidence and we can move
As the voting comes to a close, we want to thank all ARMYs for voting for It was an amazing voting

I know your disappointed about Lindsey not as limp wristed as bath house Barky and hubby Big Mike!
Kamala Harris asks Barr whether anyone at the White House asked or suggested that he open an investigation into anyone Barr
Instead of wiping out half the population, he wipes out those who aren't shawols, to make his own shinee world
There WILL be a by-election in Peterborough in early June after 28% of constituents signed the recall petition. 3
Isn't is amazing how comment on every piece of news imaginable to attack Trump, yet when
u on the right app my nigga
Got eeeeem
[meeting girlfriend's parents] me: i'm a big fan of your work
Let's be very clear: said her 2020 campaign would prosecute the case against Donald Trump. After watching
"You love him" "Yes" "How do you know? " "Because seeing him smile is the only thing I ever want to see, even if it's
Second question: Did Barr look at any of the evidence underlying the report? Barr: No The Attorney General of the
The LSU Foundation having the audacity to set up outside Middleton and ask students for donations during finals week is
Court rules that people who "follow the rules" can have their constitutional rights stripped Remind me again why y'all
"my mom likes you" is an ELITE compliment
When your classmate say you and crush would make a good couple and your crush go "EEWWWWWWWW"
While you're at home today enjoying the #MayDay, remember work resumes tommorow and the journey from A-Z requires
How did Barr not realize this was going to get out? #ImpeachBarr
The best of I've ever seen. He is a Nick Ferrari Rips Into The Government For
Nevermind, looks like I'm free till the end of 7th hour. Ah well, I meant what I said.
The beauty of Japan.
i still need to get a haircut um we #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
ARMYs our voting rate is slowing down so if you see tweet you're obligated to retweet, quote and reply with the tags!
Left hand is steerin' the other is grippin' your thigh
The duplicitous &amp; illegal actions of James sure were revealed along w his flawed character by i
Tonight we light 3 candles, for Smuel Lips who died aged 8 in 1943 at Izbeca, for my mother's family who perished in
&gt;&gt;&gt; SPONSORSHIP TEAM &lt;&lt;&lt; Meet our #Sponsorship_Team that represents the UET BDS before our sponsors and is
Remember that time someone gifted Jimin with manggaetteok at a fansign? When he tried to feed Jin, he just licked it
If a Black student had done something wrong would his face be blurred? These white students commit a racist act and then
Mazie Hirono to Barr: "America deserves better. You should resign." Via ABC
If this isn't in my future I don't want it
Do you support lgbt-rights? If yes, retweet this.
William Barr is exactly the kind of Republican that Democrats say they respect. Yet when he doesn't do exactly what
First feed out of the supplementary #Turtledove seed mix. Fingers crossed for a good result, camera going up
Even though you don't have a crush on him you have a crush on him!!
For those not at the #CBJvsBOS home game at it was a little loud last night. #cbj #StanleyCup
Haha thanks man! Looking back on it, it kinda makes me sound like I'm crapping on every other
Y'all can talk bad about cops all you want, but they're literally running full speed into a place with an active
I'm the Kendall of my family
Lindsey Graham rushing to wrap up the hearing after knocks Bill Barr somewhere past the Space Station
"A Protest Dance of Everyday Moves and Volunteer Nudes" by GIA KOURLAS
Harris: Conflict of interest, clear conflict of interest. Barr; I haven't been only decision maker, Rosenstein.
I've always thought the first Avengers was overrated but has nothing to do with Joss Whedon.
I love him!!
This man buttered his bread like he was greasing a scalp LMFBOOOO SEND HLP
I think that's our new Twitter bio! #UWCLIC
"He was gentle, generous and remarkably talented. He had a moral code that was unusual in the music industry." – Brad
Every time trump speaks I get a case of DejaPoo: I've heard this shit before. #DejaPoo
I'm back but I'm in mourning
fucking hell i can't wait for the new tyler project FUCK
If you can, drop by and eat some yummy Mexican food tomorrow to support the meat judging team!
&gt;When someone has a hammer &amp; sickle in their bio Love the bike lock on the table.
comp cod was so lit in aw
38527DB0 :Battle ID I need backup! Lvl 120 Grimnir
oki *inhales* SO WHY TF YOU LOOKING SO GOOD JIMIN?! [#BBMAsTopSocial BTS ]
Namjoon's laugh sounds like Seokjin's. I AM LOSING MY MIND SKSNDNFJFBF
Sen. Kamala Harris (D-CA) is using this hearing to create soundbites for her presidential campaign in an effort to make
it's 2am and here i am laughing without sounds yes i laugh without making a sound
Listen live now to find out what you need to secure and how to do it: http://bit.ly/cun759
Purchased these 2 volumes of manga yesterday and proceeded to DEVOUR them! They were both great! I adore both of
#TheMerryWriter D01 - Introduce yourself with only 5 words: I turn dreams into stories. #amwriting #WritingCommunity #WIP
I'm thrilled that Brian Williams and broke in and corrected this statement in real time.
Under questioning by Barr admits that career ethics officials within the DOJ weren't consulted about
is always late to the dance! We wish she would resign.
Courageous thought piece that tries to strike at the root of the issue.
I'm the type of friend that's gone always wish the best &amp; fuck with you, but we're not talking everyday.
did you do a joke like this!!?
They have more idiots than most - and take it to the next level - no sympathy for them at all
I do want to say that all of the people I worked with were very nice and as helpful as they could
The biggest threat to the nation's security is the guy in the White House who instructs objections to security clearances
At this point I not claiming a boyfriend until I fall in love. Like, head over heals, I love you more than you love me LOVE.
"something just entered the upper atmosphere" the captain marvel fandom:
Absolutely. If not, what does 'official secret' mean?
If Dems across the country aren't utterly appalled by the grandstanding Dem Senators all but whipping AG Bill Barr
i don't post on here but i be on this app ctfu all day everyday yo
Good, it's life changing. (in her opinion) a) he can admit she's right, just so he knows, it's okay to
Good time to remind us not only did Trump install loyalist Barr as AG, quietly Grassley stepped down before his term was
TIME TO BLESS YOUR TIMELINES AS YOU VOTE ;-----) HOME OF PEARLS GLOBAL LUV PARTY #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
Thinking about him makes me sick. Wanting him makes me vomit. Wishing for him to come back makes me wanna choke
Harden making sure the entire world knew he was struggling, dude looked like Van Damme from bloodsport when he went
Is that because you're an over-privileged moron, Stephen? Never met a young
are all three of the jonas brothers going to be sitting on the same chair
im literally the emoji you used
Taehyung lost the game and took a picture of the camera-nim and said "villain, villain" sksjsk he's such a pouty baby pls
IED blast in #gadchiroli kills 16 commandos. Government: Why can't we use the air force this time?
When you flip the pillow over to the cool side
Barr: We have to stop using the criminal justice system as a political weapon
#Barnsley, 5th May, still a handful of advance tickets left. Gerronit!! #MayDay
Here is the full plan. Please spread the word to all ARMYs so that we can make this project happen. Thank you so much
Nigga woodah fw the nets too so chill
People that lack communication skills don't get it, they get offended instead.
How niggas treat the baby that they told the bitch to abort
We're exactly 5 days away from The Met Gala, the only red carpet that matters. There will be many moments in store next
When your classmate say you and crush would make a good couple and your crush go "EEWWWWWWWW"
I'll join you!! me sm:
that's love #SkamEspaña
If this isn't in my future I don't want it
I love slides. fuck shoes rs
I got Captain Marvel, Sansa, and Hermione!
when do we march?? where do we march to? what the fuck can we do??
I know things are different for you since you met me You have less money in your account, you wear panties daily and
Fianna Fail treachery is deeply embedded
This is amazing
This Liason Committee meeting has been an absolute train wreck for May Here's revealing May's lie,
CFP: American Television in the Trump Era Edited Volume #acrel #acrel #religion
Hope they get thrashed tonight, (though I hate Uefalona just as much)
Look at the line-up for tonight! Wow! My last vote for my boys before getting into meetings. RT to vote!
people.... bookmark this. the links never change and you can vote/like/request every day. AT40:
Iconic.
ukulele club perform Riptide! A very dedicated group of Gr 3-6 students who love to perform
The entire line up are anti-semites, idiots, and conspiracists.
Kamala Harris and Amy Klobuchar demo'ing what having a prosecutor on stage debating Trump would look like. Harris'
Barr's bafflement over Harris' Q is well-founded. Rosenstein was in charge of supervising the Mueller probe. Of course he
im a prisoner to my addiction
Congress must change the Immigration Laws now, Dems won't act. Wall is being built - 400 miles by end of next year.
Thanks concert week!!!! Going back to my college days and see next week. Can I request Ste sing
Boom! #YellowVests seen moments ago in #Montparnasse. With thunderous zeal they bellow out - "Revolution!"
I am only following Etika for the replies he gets. The juicy ones.
We're in the final wave of voting! Come on GLOBAL LUV PARTY, WE GOT THIS! BTS for #BBMAsTopSocial 1 RT = 1 VOTE 1
That... was a remarkable five minutes in U.S. history, between a United States Senator an Attorney General. Senator Maize
Barr's bafflement over Harris' Q is well-founded. Rosenstein was in charge of supervising the Mueller probe. Of course he
Good job She just got #Barr to admit that neither he NOR Rosenstein reviewed the evidence
It's incredibly telling that "freak athletes" are allowed to exist with unique biomechanical advantages (think
110% our new favorite Husker. #GBR #MustacheMay
Attorney General Barr should resign. He misled the American people with his inaccurate summary of Mueller's report.
And it's been how many yrs have Americans heard about Hillary's EMAILS? And we're still hearing it in this
I'll always choose to give than receive.
Taokaenoi weibo update MP cut p2 Trans for the speech in the end: M: Now we're at ICN, about to go back to Thailand.
Twitter is a lot like the "nice guy" issue. If someone shows a disgraceful character on Twitter, then they have a
Returning such money will be my greatest mistake and regret!!! Spend till I forget the pain of the strokes of cane
At a conference and I grabbed a super quick breakfast sandwich off a cart this am, a croissant, expecting it to be like ham
Aww id go if I could but I'd have to get on a plane to go.
And now we're down to 1 hour left of voting! ARMYs thank you for voting with us as always. You all worked hard until
Pastor Mrs Awosika indeed worked on the conscience of Nigerians at the platform. Nigeria is our
Amazingly how Kamala Harris now says Rosenstein suddenly has a conflict of duplicitous can she
"I just got a triple collar" u didn't btw
maturity is when u stop watching porn for sexual pleasure &amp; start a neighborhood watch for sexual pleasure
I never buy anything
Harris: Has WH ever asked to open investigation into anyone. Barr; Ummm. Can you repeat question? Barr: Ummm. I'm
Did skip the first hours of the hearing ???? #BarrHearing
This is totally hogwash, your friend in China/Russia can simply send you the Radiotherapy Machines. This Gvt is
i will never shut up about how much i love hobi's voice in make it right #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
used to...
why are u confiscating a childs lunch... that they paid for...
We are witnessing a SHOCKING RISE IN LIES, SPIN &amp; COMPLETELY FALSE STATEMENTS from a Government which grows more
REALLY? OH MY GOD! HOW ABOUT KILLING CUTTING TO BITS AN AMERICAN JOURNALIST! MR. SENATOR DO YOU HAVE NO
Focus on the website Eries! #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
Democrats are obsessed with AG Barr's letter to Congress, but they seem to be forgetting that he allowed the Mueller
That Jim is a daft question asking what is she doing, she is the only PM that hasn't a clue what
Appreciation post- What are you waiting for?U know you want to give up all for those Prettiest toes,You know
Why was i ever sad at all???? Over who??? Fo what???? LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO never again
Mrs May, you and your kind have killed my faith in democracy, you are
Bro they went like a whole month without content in 16. Also they replay value was shit,
"Forreal" spittin that shit
Barrel. Scraped.
Turkey: On Anniversary of Islamic Genocide of Millions of Armenian Christians, Armenians Still under Attack: Continuing
Ha ha ha ...! Ma'am were you born like this or done any course to achieve this distinction of being paragon of
Zen- "do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment"
this performance of tell me you love me is everything
A few minutes ago Barr just casually mentioned that he'd team up with the inspector general to run a
People really go through high school like they HAVE to do EVERY thing any teacher says . Like mf say no and leave
Usher takes the stage on #CollegeSigningDay at Pauley Pavilion. Watch the livestream:
Well, if Cruz likes you, Mr.Barr, that's enough for me! #ImpeachBarr
The waiter or the chef??
Barr very clearly was NOT willing to concede that it's wrong for the President to tell his White House Counsel to
WE ARE LOSING! DO NOT IGNORE THIS TWEET! WE NEED TO VOTE HARDER! AND WIN HER FIRST BBMA! TWEET AND
Glad to hear you are doing slightly better.
I felt the holy spirit while watching this #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
It's been a few days and I still can't get over endgame IT WAS SOOO GOOD JESUS CHROIST
RT if you want this again! GLOBAL LUV PARTY #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
Granted that realty appreciates but the revenue from the toll will buy another oriental.
Rt or you or your loved ones will crash in the next week
Ok who put cap onto the city girls?
types of armys on stan twt acc: –chaotic –crackhead –soft stan –hard stans –fanbase –twts updates –translator –Rich
A little luxury does not hurt anyone....ehehe Commission for
pausing netflix to reply to you is one thing, but pausing my 123 movies for you is another and i'm probably in love with you
Rep. Ilhan Omar says "America is not going to be the country of white people." Nobody said it was. But I can tell
u let me flop cool cool cool
Just Blogged Bootstrapping a Hunter-based cmake project in Linux and Windows. Sharing lessons learned.
To anyone that was manipulated, lied to, cheated on, heart broken, and feel like you'll never be good enough bc of a
When you are thankful, you will be positive about life and when you are positive, you will be creative and when you
On this local election eve, we would like to celebrate our amazing, dedicated candidates
This was a slaughter.
Niggas was trying to save the universe there was no time to be gay
&lt; BBMA &gt; What is that specific era which made you think that this is by far Sehun's best comeback look? 1 Retweet = 1 Vote
[VIDEO] 190501 "Swing Kids" Nomination Preview Cut The 55th Baeksang Awards today. Cr: mysticdoh #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
[meeting girlfriend's parents] me: i'm a big fan of your work
Video of the Nazis from NMR fighting their police escort in Kungälv, Sweden, after the Nazis used their flagpoles to stab like
Sure fam
I love Mike Scott
im trying to figure out which one is funnier: a UK member of parliament bringing up FGC shitposts on twitter to
I find it difficult to understand why Tonto Dikeh keeps dragging her ex husband , Churchill. Ok, so the marriage hit
I've done more for Firefighters than this dues sucking union will ever do, and I get paid ZERO!
Captain America in the next avengers
Here's a few more of the #bmwalpha
you guys wanna know which video i have a crush on?? its this one
this decision will go down in the annals of history. Not just as a mistake, but a hideous, racist, misogynistic and
high school: college isn't a joke college:
Dianne Feinstein just engaged in a battle of wits with William Barr, and she is unarmed. I can't stop laughing..
Omg how did u know?
Ah thank you so much!!
I am very sociable, friendly, kind, with the good sense of humor. I am interested in many things. I can be na...
How when she said, "I bet you're little sister wanna be like me, I bet your little brother wanna fuck on me."
I'm so proud of this fandom! No matter where we're from or what languages we speak, we ALWAYS come together and
I don't have anything against the boys but can he tell me what's stopping him from making blackpink's full album ?
"They ain't got nothing" the brilliant says. Which, of course, means they do have something. #Moron
no offense but bts winning both categories at the bbmas actually sucks
What is your favorite songs ? If you choose ARTIFICIAL LOVE you need to reply 5 times If you choose THE EVE you need
&lt; BBMA &gt; Name all the songs included in 'Lotto' repackage album! 1 Retweet = 1 Vote 1 Reply = 1 Vote* *reply with voting
A world where everyone's born with not only a quirk, but also a black stain somewhere on their skin, which marks the
Bearded scully... TRY TO GET THAT INTO THE SEASON PREMIER!!
scarlett producing the black widow movie:
Time to be stealthy. Sneak into the v8.51 update tomorrow, May 2 at 5 AM ET(0900 UTC). There will be no downtime but
My period needs a new signal

at this point, the nedcat resemblance is just uncanny
Raise your hand if you're convinced that Senator Hirono was just reading the Krassenstein brothers twitter feed while
Gonna borrow this if you don't mind. Put it in my camera roll. #BBMAsAchievement Lady Gaga &amp; Bradley Cooper
Do you like to plan things out or be spontaneous? — spontaneous things make me more stressed out but i like it in
So much this.
i dont keep with twice that much but everytime i see chaeyoung on my tl my lifespan increases
What the ones that were level on points?
Mrs May's Huawei debacle is the latest result of her chronic inability to communicate, writes
A brilliant effort by . A must read. When I was asked to speak on the launch I said in this society this
Back in Cappadocia 12 years later; here in Ortahisar sunset viewpoint with the last lights of the day. Amazing
It's the sonic movie trailer but instead of Sonic having time slowed down to stop Eggman it's Jotaro VS DIO
I just voted for BTS for #BBMAsTopSocial at the 2019 Billboard Music Awards. RT to vote too! falta menos para
thanks. i hate it.
Making the big bucks
I just voted for BTS for #BBMAsTopSocial at the 2019 Billboard Music Awards. RT to vote too!
If Trump ate anyone's soul it's because the owner offered it up on a silver platter. #GOPisComplicit
Live overhead shot of the #KnoxvilleFire. This thing looks gross.
yes if clace don't get their happy ending i'll be sad and pissed as fuck, but for now i'd rather focus on what we have left
i need to go to bed but im having a crisis rn
Did you read this yet? You should, it's a fantastic book. #SciFi #WednesdayMotivation #WednesdayThoughts #WCW #pdf1
smoed i miss you already
When you get the girl you want you can't get comfortable everyday you gotta act like you still tryna get her
You came on my show and were arguing with me
They are just off the rails and it's obvious to everyone but them
15 mins left to vote for the BBMAs Top Social Artist Award. If you see this tweet, reply with the voting hashtag
Ramsey: ‘It's been a journey on &amp; off the field. So much has happened in 11 years. I was a spotty kid coming in &amp;
Lindsey Graham admits he didn't even read the entire Mueller report via
you should've just sat there and ate your food
I vote BTS for #BBMAsTopSocial My hope my life my happiness I love everything of them and I proud of them
Despite all that - I want us to win at Anfield, so we can say we have taken
.@BTS_twt is the Top Group in our eyes and I strongly believe that they've become the biggest group on the global stage.
this woman's mac and cheese tutorial popped up on my timeline and I mmediatelt subscribed without finishing the entire
everyone with a finsta:
libra x aries dynamic is aries challenging and daring libras to do particular things and libras raising an eyebrow and
don't lie, you are not sorry
This nigga never making music again
This is today's Public Sales Post Post what you need gone Buy/Sell/Trade/ Please retweet
The LifeStraw is a personal water filter designed to filter around 4000 litres of water - which should last a person 2-3
Number one!!! was fantastic behind the wkts and in front!!! 3/0 in three to winning the match by 80
Our Twitter page was created in support of 2 years ago today. Thank you for supporting BTS alongside us!
I love it.
Score release today. We have breaks starting tonight for it. Check it out
And people dont even talk about how Jayson Tatum is averaging 4 ppg on 22 percent shooting. He
I THINK being alive SUCKS
i need your call now &lt;3
So, its been a few months since I've started writing Batman and I just want to ask, what's your honest opinions
My uber driver just randomly stopped at five guys, ran in &amp; grabbed a handful of peanuts, then we left haha wtf
If UofA can keep Sean Miller after this, then Louisville should give Pitino a Lifetime Achievement Award
AAAHHHH so I'll have these babies at #astl this weekend. Limited run! When they're out, they're out
Barr acknowledges that he and Rosenstein haven't seen the evidence underlying Mueller's report, but apparently sees
Anyone who doesn't vote Butter's Bottom Bitch as the best one needs to watch it
For #indyref2 singing for Scottish independence follow Here's a sample Facebook:
Booker had a good point but was uncharacteristically less than sharp in the delivery. By Booker standards, that
u rl never see any other race of men go out they way to call women who share the same skintone as them ugly on here its
This is the corrupt, illegitimate Maduro Regime.
Doin me a scare
See a virtual tour of our listing on 67 Pine Bluffs Ct #HighlandTwp #MI #realestate
[A348] *u* RTx3480! #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
Hausa lady has drugs planted on her, the criminals are arrested and she is found innocent and released. My brothers
*Comes home from shopping* No one: Me: "OK I'll show you what I got."
I can't stand twitter lmfaooo
Excited to receive an offer from the University of Nebraska!! #GoCornhuskers
Speak Victory Claim Victory Vision Victory Become a Victor
I'm voting for her.
Unfortunately for you, attractive women don't tend to gravitate towards kids with the username "SaintSalah" on the internet
4th and final night &amp; the E Street Band (He will play a 7-hour show) (solo) &amp;
Arsenal is no longer a football club we have become a male modeling agency!
Jim Henson's Early Concept Art for Oscar the Grouch in Sesame Street
#BBMAsTopSocial BTS The Last
Remarkable to watch Washington Democrats continue to deny reality. Mueller found no collusion, Bill Barr ACCURATELY
Hemlo bebi May I ples lick yur boussy
I sent it to you
Mine too!!! #WWG1WGA
what do you do when your lover leans in and whispers into your ear, "follow me, set me free," — how to seduce me 101
Lindsey Graham: "Hillary Clinton..." Chuck Grassley: "Hillary Clinton..." John Cornyn: "Hillary Clinton..." This is the
The global youth unemployment rate is 3x higher than that of adults, with 67M young people looking for work. Learn more about
The flooding in Davenport is devastating. We must provide Iowans with the help they need to quickly recover. And we
We can't function as a nation of law if we can't trust the Attorney General to tell the truth. Reporting of Mueller's
Just some of the horses Ruby Walsh has ridden during a glittering career: Denman Kauto Star Masterminded Quevega Big Buck's
U #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
Are you on the latest OS version for your device? Also, try uninstalling/reinstalling the mobile app to see
high school: college isn't a joke college:
I'm gravely concerned that the 14 criminal referrals from Special Counsel Mueller related to the investigation are
Nah we just want players to run to the corner 3 instead of cutting to the paint unnecessarily
B4 you send ya shots just check my return policy ....
I lost my head.....(smiles)
Good, it's long past due that we get to the bottom of it.
Lets end it once &amp; for all Ayesha! I challenge you to face me LIVE on TV where I prove with Scientific Evidence that
Attorney General Barr willfully misled the American people to cover up attempted crimes by Donald Trump. He should
It's mad, they've left a scorecard for the cleaners to rate it
The Final Teaching of the #Buddha 2019 One Month PSL Dzogchen Retreat #Togal Year 3 -
I've been blocked too.
I'm gravely concerned that the 14 criminal referrals from Special Counsel Mueller related to the investigation are
standing "O." This is a prosecutor determined to get As to her Qs. She
The video in the article is an excellent watch. Take the time because the bonus fact about is, the Left-wing comedian
In preparing to oppose the debates motion ‘‘ China in Africa is more Monster than Messiah', ‘went
Samuel Kadhila-Amoomo raped my friends and he tried to force himself on me. Him and his uncle Saari, his friend Phil who
I AM NO LONGER A DEM U VE GONE 2 FAR GET ON W COUNTRY S BUSINESS MUELLER WOULD HAV INDICTED
Bruh. What. The. Fuck.
Annette Musallam shares the RMH experience of treating their first #CAR-T patient #LPOEE
Some of the best advice I've ever been given: "don't take criticism from people you wouldn't ever go to for advice"
[A308] Take a ss and tell us who is your nemesis in school RTx2000!!! #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
thank you robert downey jr thank you jeremy renner thank you scarlet johansson thank you chris hemsworth thank you
For more videos! Youtube: #bootybouncenation #bootybounce #twerk #twerking #twerkqueen #booty
Sir davos trying to give Dany the signal #GameofThrones
The Wat Samphran Buddhist Temple in Thailand. The tower is wrapped in the coils of a Dragon
no offense but bts winning both categories at the bbmas actually sucks
Tsunade hime-sama loves Dan Kato so much, but he passed away in the battlefield. Tsunade hime-sama tried to help his life, but she failed.
I just spent the last week in shorts and sandals down south, so this is unacceptable!
Under questioning by Barr admits that career ethics officials within the DOJ weren't consulted about
like can u blame anyone for not watching???? 22 long, boring movies???? hhhHhH maybe im the one whos pressed
im starting to think that you're sonic #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
.@KamalaHarris elicited what seemed to me to be a pretty astonishing admission from Barr that neither he nor Rosenstein
Might take up education now just so i can make my students write a 15 page paper on this quote exactly
Really enjoying Barr's body language and facial expressions in this Blumenthal questioning...he lacks the grace of Hillary
On my way to see endgame, let's see what all the crying is about
&lt; BBMA &gt; What is that specific era which made you think that this is by far Kai's best comeback look? 1 Retweet = 1 Vote 1
As we start to get excited about the upcoming , we feel like getting emotional with Fernando
I feel you
Breaking #FoxNews Alert : Attorney General Barr tells Dems to ‘stop using the criminal justice process as a political
Narrator: Of course, had Noor been a White cop, it is doubtful if he would have faced any charges at all.
I went once a few years ago. It was utterly pointless, unless you care
POWELL: WE DON'T SEE A STRONG CASE FOR RATE MOVE EITHER WAY
our school buses didn't even have heat...
Would you like some goals on the site? Only 2 hours left. RT TO VOTE #BBMAsAchievement Ariana Grande
Me fighting the urge to say some smart ass shit
As a resident of Arizona, this makes me furious! ILL€GALS ARE VOTING! "If someone registers to vote, but they
•holding your hand I walk out of the suite with you feeling excited about getting a puppy•
JIN JUST SAID.... I LOVE YOU 3000 TO US... MARVELARMYS....
I said it before and I'll say it again.....basing your significant other off org affiliation is weird to me.
Trudeau has no idea what Canadians want . Explains why Conservatives were able to raise a record level of
Korea is one of a few countries where you feel safe walking late at night. Walking at night listening to #Mikrokosmos
If this Before &amp; After isn't satisfying then I don't know what is
So...hm...I admit that I'm so in love w Heejin...hugh
some people just watch endgame because they wanna join the "hype" you will not understand or enjoy the movie if you skipped
The majority of the #Albemarle Board wants to allow safe open fires to dispose of yard waste. 300 feet is the
ever feel like you're literally being gaslighted by capitalism?
A note to my GOP friends: when a Democratic AG is overtly political, runs daily interference for his or her Dem POTUS,
&lt; BBMA &gt; What is that specific era which made you think that this is by far Sehun's best comeback look? 1 Retweet = 1 Vote
The thanks you for this historic opportunity, the 1st hearing in Congress in 36 yrs to present the
"You've made me smile. A real smile."
53) Mazie Hirono exposed William Barr so badly, Lindsey Graham had to jump in and make a fool of himself just to
If you guys want custom coffee prints, support a local family bussiness
God gave us this precious planet of all abundance. We can still bring this
This was the weirder mf show with the spider bro. That episode was something else
I just voted for BTS for #BBMAsTopSocial at the 2019 Billboard Music Awards. RT to vote too!
[A348] *u* RTx3480! #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
i repeat again. Nehru before 2014 was almost forgotten. its RSS who wants to ridicule
Curious to know why Klopp has included and excluded certain players in the Liverpool lineup tonight? We have his
Maize Hirono just did the impossible. She made other Dems seems [almost] reasonable by comparison. One of the most
They are NOT here to assimilate. They are here to DOMINATE. How do we know? THEY'RE TELLING US!!!!!
If you see this tweet on your TL, you are obliged to RT it and comment " we LOVE EXO" 10 times, each time in a seperate
Bridenstine: The $8 billion a year number which was rumored to be the amount of additional funding needed to land on
Bro am I reading this correctly ? Like deadass is this real life? What in the fuck is wrong with y'all. This is white
Don't limit yourself to the treadmill beat. If you want to burn calories, variety is key.
The body can literally reject someone's energy. Your anxiety will start acting up anytime bad energy disturbs your
Mazie Hirono isn't holding back. She says Barr is "no different than Rudy Giuliani or Kellyanne Conway or any of the
No mather how hard tries, they can't stop #Adoption of the #VeChain blockchain. Go ahead and try to save
Sometimes when I'm feeling maternal, my voice goes deeper and I'll refer to myself as "momma" in third person.
Thank you too for your part to stop them!
Open for a surprise.
I'm not a Christian anymore: a thread. After 40 years of being a devout follower, 20 of those being an evangelical
it's just me &amp; you
And even after I refused pretty much everything except an x-ray of my head,
In other words, and we've seen this repeatedly – if you want a sold out show you need to reach outside the circle of the
i'm rewatching got
Happy #MentalHealthAwarenessMonth! I wanted to do some stuff to raise awareness but my own mental health isn't
TANGINA YOU'RE SO BEAUTIFUL I LOVE YOU SO MUCH
If she got a beautiful face &amp; cute toes she the devil
Why was i ever sad at all???? Over who??? Fo what???? LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO never again
Getting ready for the Air Force physical test tomorrow morning. Something something separation, something
LETS TRY AND GET THIS TO 50 RTS FOR ARIANA!! RT AND REPLY WITH THE HASHTAG TO VOTE FOR ARIANA! #BBMAsAchievement
midoriya: that's ridiculous. todoroki doesn't have a crush on me. uraraka: yes he does. iida: yes he does. kirishima:
After that you got diagnosed with aids
A 59-year-old woman opens fire when she hears someone trying to break in.. Detroit Police say the would-be intruder ran
"a far superior school".. "a full scholarship" you sound full of bullshit my guy
Five conclusions from the Mueller report.
Well, Loki has his own TV series coming up on Disney+ so...
Special thanks to SRO Stallings, SRO Underwood, Counselor Lotito, and Flagstaff alum for a great HS transition
Barr just admitted he did not look at the evidence in the Mueller report. Nor did Rosenstein. Nor did anyone in the
Ignore the tissue he ripped up lol.
Zodiac in the house.
Me gusta demasiado I Won't Let You Go, todo GOT7 me gusta. voto por
Yes, so wonderful when a Senator diminishes the intellect of someone testifying before a committee.
I have a strong feeling that overtime challenges will be out tomorrow! if not, they will give them in season 9 which doesn't
Comey's lackey at CNN claims it's a "conspiracy theory" that FBI agents were "trying to bring down Donald Trump." Text
yes go into detail about the review process you go through #Coins2
Looking to score a job at AT&amp;T? You're in luck. Click the link in our bio for the job description and information
I don't know who you are or what you did with but we want her
TONIGHT'S THE NIGHT #BBMAs #BTS x RT if you're tuning in! #BTSArmy
[A346] Some CBX fun to lighten up the voting mood!! &lt;3 RTx3460! #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
Remember that time someone gifted Jimin with manggaetteok at a fansign? When he tried to feed Jin, he just licked it
Women are the majority of health care providers and the majority of health care consumers. They would be most hurt
Fuck I look like tryna judge you? What you eat don't make me shit
Seven. Yes he was, no it's not. Jordan has not reached out to ANYBODY in the press about '93, so you cannot
me trying to find a good time to ask my mother to buy me pm tickets
It didn't even take the #venezuela government 10 years since the time the disarmed the people by outlawing guns... to
Great turn out in the Guildhall Sq. Great to see all of the schools out!
Delighted to announce the shortlist for the first year of the #RSLChristopherBland Prize for a debut novelist or
I had to get back and breed this cute jock one more time before he checked out from his hotel. If you look closer you can
NASA research shows humans have been influencing drought for more than a century
Fuck them kids, they just mad he eating good.
Sexy Topless on the Beach. #topless #voyeur #beach #spycam #amateur #nude #naked #tits #boobs
If we can accept or forgive each other's non-vegan past acts, there is no reason why we can't do the same about
She's very glad you all like her! Also she fumbles words a lot. Probably needs more than 4 hours of sleep a day :D
All you need to know about Lindsey Graham is in this short video clip below, where he winks and smiles before restarting the
"I've got lots of time to revise and go over content" 1st May:
We'll look into this for you. If you'll please message us the address of the ARCO station you
NOOOOO Jimin was waiting for a compliment and didn't get one look at his face im SAD :(
Booker is pointing out to Barr that he used the President's words of "no collusion" over and over in his press
Zamfara will be pacesetter in new minimum wage implementation — Gov. Yari - - The Eagle Online
Who the hell takes this grandstanding blowhard Ted Rafael Cruz seriously - shout more!
If this tweet hits 200 retweets i'll watch EVERY episode of One Piece. Yes... I know this is stupid but whatever. This
Need an EU duo for the world cup
I wouldn't give a squirt of piss to save a broke bitch
Did you know? The line "Act up you can get snatched up" in the popular song "Act Up" by City Girls, was inspired by
Until I speak about a situation don't assume a damn thing about me. #Truth
Some collusion and obstruction did go on, but it wasn't between Trump and the Russians. It was between the FBI and DNC and
Ok, off I go again, apparently. #TheMagicians I l i t e r a l l y don't understand what kind of fucked up
Hate you
i'm dating to marry, nuff said
i felt her shaking. this is one of the WORST things to feel. i'm so sorry
this man is your boyfriend and you're going to introduce him to your parents. the last meme you saved is your parents
Sir davos trying to give Dany the signal #GameofThrones
Hi, 911? I'd like to report a murder. Kamala Harris just killed AG Barr's credibility. #BarrHearing
You feel like you're being watched? With ad targeting and retargeting, it seems like some companies are "stalking users" who
I THINK WE CAN ALL AGREE THAT THIS CROWD DESERVES THAT ENCORE. #BLACKPINK
If there's a monster in DnD that desperately needs a redesign it's the Intellect Devourers. I think they're pretty goofy
Many will miss it, but when Barr was asked about something in the Dossier that was *also* reflected in the Report, he
WASHINGTON POST: "Mueller felt the media coverage of the [Barr] letter was misinterpreting the investigation." Jesus.
The CONSTITUTION IS THE HIGHEST LAW Of THE LAND TRUMP IS DEFYING IT The SPINLESS GOP are aiding &amp; abetting him Trump
aw kevin will get no sales
#WhatIfIFPWins Maybe we'll finally get the RDP boyfriends we've been asking for
I'll drop $100 on my boo without any hesitation
If you're in Buffalo tomorrow, stop by from 6-8pm to meet and get a copy of her new book,
Fmr. CIA Director John Brennan: "I'm still waiting for those Republicans to realize that the ‘Trump ship' is a sinking one,
HEY so I'm sure you're already aware our dearest Library Bards &amp; launched the kickstarter for
THIS WASN'T THE BEST, ONE GIRL SAID " hi, my name is sarah but you can call me sayang" AND HE SAID " yes sayang"
Riyas Aboobekkar reveals to NIA that his 'ambition' was to become a suicide bomber and explode in any busy streets of
(( Terminus to Termina is like Hylia to Hyrule. Only Terminus got sealed away for some reason after he created
Rakim, Ll Cool J and the Beastie Boys didn't raise Eminem and made him the legend he is now after a 20y+ career for a
Go and do a bit of research. Then pray there are more journalist with the courage of Assange.
Thank you Senator from Hawaii...you captured the mood if most Americans
These days I get straight to the point. I love it. Should've been moving like this. Saves mad time and energy.
tomorrow is this queen's birthday and y'all better show a lot of appreciation and love and rESPECT because it's what
I love her so much
Listen on iTunes:
Lmao how are you doing it sis
oh fuck i did it
I had no idea I was going to be included in this open letter to the about loss of birdsong and nature falling
oy ang galeng ng translation ni googleee lab et but i love mah prens mooreeeee #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
This is true, but I know we have each other's back at the end of the day
Eugenio Corini admits he experienced promotion as a player, but "it's even more emotional as a Coach" after leading
Why are buildings on Lancaster West (Grenfell Tower) estate being washed, and soil being changed, just before more
I FUCKING MET JAMES FROM BIG TIME RUSH IM SHAKING OH MY GODDDDIDHHD
Who's the hyung here? #BBMASTopSocial BTS #GlobalLuvParty
A5. It would have to be something a lot of people are interested in and that a lot of good content exists for
Powerful photo of blood, sweat and tears left in an emergency room! – Emergency medicine is a true team sport. It
I got someone's baby momma calling me daddy
Please take the time today to make sure you love a little more, especially to the ones closest to you that you
Ok who put cap onto the city girls?
You are such an ass kissing little weasel! You sitting so smug and acting like you're somebody?
This should have been a goal for Ajax.. #totaja #Tottenham #Ajax #UCL #ChampionsLeague
You don't "try" to grapple. You either do or you don't. Sheesh.
i thought it was going to be hard but doing pretty good
I'm LIVID man I drove 30 minutes for THIS
Idgaf if yall tired of these lol, open for a mf surprise
People are weird asf! This dude on the train this morning talking about "gimme a piece of your sandwich" i told him no
U #BBMAsTopSocial Louis Tomlinson
Given that nobody has a right to be Defence Secretary and Gavin Williamson was rubbish anyway, if it turns out he wasn't
CAT &amp; DOG OFFICIAL TEASER!!! ENGLISH VERSION THE VISUALLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!!!!!
Chris Packham gets chilling letter warning: 'We want you dead, we will succeed' - Mirror Online #ecologicallyclueless
i'm crying bye
you ever click with someone so fast that its scary?
Oh my, there's a tweet for everything. Hey Lindsey!
i've been playing the piano since i was 7, i started playing the guitar last year and i'm already better at
There is NO mention of Pulwama or Kashmir while the UN Security Council agreed to put Masood Azhar as a terrorist in the UN
ok but who the fuck drew eyebrows on him LMAOOOO
This is the corrupt, illegitimate Maduro Regime.
OMG Y'ALL I NEED TO SHARE SOMETHING. SO YESTERDAY WE HAD AN ELECTION IN SPAIN RIGHT WELL THE LEFT WON BY A LOT AND
Looking at the first page of that biology exam:
Bueno lo siento pero es Princes of Pop paved the way! #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
Another Wednesday! It's May 01, 2019 at 07:45PM. The NBARC / BARC Net on 145.450 S18 is about to start at 8:00PM.
Yah he's out of order there...I don't like his tone..
I'm embarrassed at the weakness of most of the men - and aside from Sen.
I am trying to cancel order 15192822 but your on-line contact form is not connecting due to a reCAPTCHA fault.
armys we need your help with emails we have a group for voting and we are really need more emails
The state of Tennessee executed Sedley Alley in 2006 after courts refused his request for DNA testing. Today, Alley's
Here's a big glowing #TimesSquare billboard reminder that is on tonight! #BBMAS
my friends when i'm about to start driving
Whoa... opens by asking Barr whether the president or anyone else has asked or suggested that he open an
Me and my three years old daughter cleaned up around Manthoka waterfall.Its heavenly beautiful but people still have the
Liverpool fans singing "Si Señor" outside a shop called Señor lmaoooooo
Ready to serve a real woman? is training subs now! #findom #femdom #mistress #cuckold #humanATM #walletrape
my life rn: • me and my best friend loves the same guy. • he knows that. • he has a crush on someone else. • he
Prophet Muhammad (P.B.U.H) said, "Pay the labourer his wages before his sweat dries." #labourday #1stMay
Tiny Hedgehog Goes Camping, And His Pics Are The Best Thing You'll See Today
"The United States doesn't just interfere in elections. It overthrows governments it doesn't like, institutes
Really confused as to why all my exams so far have been easier than the prelim?? not complaining though
the hotties respectfully decline this submission but we appreciate the offer !
A #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
TAE SCREAMING " YAH JUNGKOOK-AH, WE WON" AND THEM TWO HOLDING HANDS WHILE JUMPING IN A CIRCLE WILL FOREVER BE ON REPLAY
I don't know why some of you are saying its unlimited votes on the website but when I'm voting its not. Started 6:47
Join Ann Widdecombe and Nigel Farage in Fylde (Blackpool) this Saturday! Book tickets now whilst they last.
I've been thinking hard about these ever since Rasgulla Joon and Jamun Jin became a thing. Plis dont let this flop Desimys
I've done everything I can on the website today so I'm spending the rest of my time here with the Twitter Fam. GLOBAL LUV
Barr tells Kamala Harris that neither he nor Rosenstein looked at the underlying evidence in Mueller's report.
Why am i not at the BBMAs #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
no one speak i want her back
I truly feel sorry for the "he know where home is" crew
My baby missing me already
Destroying the Illusion of Vaccine Epidemics
im actually a bum bc i had a whole month to do this but here i am starting a day before it's due
I hadn't considered that. Aren't they taking on that role with a bunch of other PoS coins
Download, Stream &amp; Support the new single "Miss You Much" by Big Rap ft Aarron Levi" Download, Stream &amp; Support
The team news are out. Gomez in at RB and Bobby/Hendo on the Bench with Salah up top. Really surprised that Hendo isn't
revolutionary war
.@SenJoniErnst says she wants to focus on what happened to the 2016 election. Great. This is what happened: Moscow
Do you know how many times the word "Man" is mentioned in the Constitution? Zero.
Tweet of appreciation for the Dem women of the Senate Judiciary Committee.
i just realized i could make anything between 125-&gt;20 on this biochem final and still have a b in the class....
Looking unto Jesus the author and finisher of our faith; who for the joy that was set before him
Summer Special at the Algonquin Fitness Zone! $35 a month for a membership or you can include an Impact Zone membership
WOW: Barr just admitted that he never looked at the underlying evidence for the Mueller report. So how in the world could he
It looks bad but for me people overreacting... If you don't like it just don't watch it :v
Bill Barr Blasts Richard ‘Da Nang Dick' Blumenthal, ‘It's We Have to Stop Using the Criminal Justice Process as a
are you watching BBC4 now? Mr Portillo (Metroland episode) on making ice cream. As he grinds the
Inez Rudderham, who challenged NS Premier in a video that went viral last week, says, in some ways,
I just found out is not a country artist.. Seriously, tell me his name doesn't sound like he's bout
Barr is now saying that allegations against POTUS "have now been proven false" when he said earlier that the DOJ's
We're behind the scenes at the filming of our Welcome to the Season video today! The #CITYSHAPER Challenge will be
o mood i can understand marathi and some Hindi and some Telugu but i can't write it and I can speak .. some of it
Barca Vs Bin Dippers: -Messi gets two goals tonight to total 600 in exactly 14 years - countinho screamer after
I don't give myself enough
Hirono should be ashamed of herself. She doesn't get to talk nasty and disrespectful to the Attorney General. She
I'm going to make this simple: the Trump administration is going to lie and stonewall until the Democrats increase the
Great vibe today for the "VR For The Social Good" program developed with our
OMG I'm so bored right now. Come get me
You either with me or against me ho
And the Word became flesh and dwelt among us, and we beheld His glory, the glory as of the only begotten of the
This is really a job for Trina
Students did a wonderful job on Student Council speeches today!
Lindsey Graham to Democrat Sen. Hirono: you just slandered than man (Barr) from top to bottom and if you are gonna to
Someone please let me know when we're ready to just mount an army and break these children out of the
Two groundbreaking Denisovan studies this week: 1) A partial skull from Hualongdong (very Neanderthal-like, à la
Given how useless May is, we're going to find out he wasn't the leaker, aren't we
Look at the line-up for tonight! Wow! My last vote for my boys before getting into meetings. RT to vote!
Idk what you said but tiddies fire
RT for a chance to win this flawless #MK11 custom console by and Sub-Zero inspired kicks by Under Armour and Dennis
NSFW voxels below! You've been warned. #magicavoxel #voxelart Quit my job. My boss didn't expect me to, got really mean about
Not sure that'll do the trick. What I take you can't get but over the counter Paramol or Solpadeine max are good.
It's literally the initials of the franchise, you dipshit. What do you want, a poem?
Big Jock's milkshake brought all the boys to the yard, then his youth coach abused them. #BigJockKnew
Congratulations to you and your team Sir. Great job. Jai Hind
These shoes just walked the mile run with Cookie Monster pajama pants
Good time to remind us not only did Trump install loyalist Barr as AG, quietly Grassley stepped down before his term was
WOW! Senator Kamala Harris just demolished William Barr! This is a must watch! Thank you You are
This week's top 5 on the #WorldAlbums chart: 1. 'Map of the Soul: PERSONA' (2nd week at No. 1) 2.
why are u confiscating a childs lunch... that they paid for...
Look at the line-up for tonight! Wow! My last vote for my boys before getting into meetings. RT to vote!
Monday we had our very talented Minor Midget players on the ice and today we made way for our Rookie Camp.
If everybody would just be their natural selves and be honest the world wouldn't seem so bad
weird how 15 years from now it might be ur wedding or ur kids birthday but rn it's just a regular shitty day
Adam Schiff is telling Chris Hayes he hasn't been getting counterintelligence updates relating to the Russia
SenCruz to Barr - You didn't need to take this job. Had to know you'd get "the Kavanaugh treatment."
All bad ass!!!
Senator Hirono laying into AG Barr saying: You used every advantage of your office to make it seem like President Trump was
pov: you accidentally run into the skater who gave you chlamydia and then ghosted you. after seeing him again u can't feel
I'll walk closer the the window before I switch to Android
i need to stop cussing so much fuck
Fighting, drinking and dancing on seats - the Ryanair flight from hell
Just like God gave Isreal rest from their enemies and caused them to win many battles - this new month, you will have
You would. A lot of ppl interested in the theory of doing it but, not wanting to be too cynical, the patronage!
Im extremely excited to announce that I've signed a new partnership with and I met Roman in
Got my first AMD system in 2003 and had either an AMD GPU or CPU ( and for a long time both ) ever since.
kpop ain't that deep but if you hurt yeonjun, i will tear your achilles.
If you are a fan of mine, SHARE THIS POST to help my music reach more ears. Fans are what makes an artist go from
New Docs Reveal #DHS Asserting Broad, Unconstitutional Authority to Search Travelers' Phones &amp; Laptops •
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
The only thing more beautiful than a girl that knows what she wants, is a girl that isn't waiting on anybody else to get it for her
how long until we reach the fallopian tubes
cold case files: and he left his bloody fingerprint on the door knob me laying in bed eating chips and salsa: what
I don't know who needs to hear this, but very few if any of the people you want to see imprisoned will be.
I love the reference to pointy end
Attention athletes: Today, May 1, 2019, is the first day you can get your VHSL sports physical
I finally got the last part I needed (a cable) to get native wifi and bluetooth working on my Hackintosh. AirDrop and
i ain't forget how jungkook's face instantly lit up when taehyung walked inside the room #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
LIST OF PROBLEMS THE YOUTHS IN KENYA FACE 1)Unemployment 2)Extra Judicial Killings 3)Gambling addiction 4)Depression
"You can't be what you can't see. When I was growing up, I never saw faces that looked like mine. But now, that's all
15 mins left to vote for the BBMAs Top Social Artist Award. If you see this tweet, reply with the voting hashtag
i wonder what it feels like to be more than I am.
RT A ESTO Y RESPONDE PALABRA POR PALABRA "I'M IN LOVE WITH LOU, AND ALL HIS LITTLE THINGS", USANDO EL HT. #BBMAsTopSocial
If Cuban Troops and Militia do not immediately CEASE military and other operations for the purpose of causing death
‘Fear the Turtle'!!
RT this video so the media can't ignore Creepy Joe.
These two amazing conservative women students went to an event at George Mason wearing their "Women for Kavanaugh"
If this isn't in my future I don't want it
REPLY YOUR ANSWERS ONE BY ONE Monster OR Lotto? Growl OR Overdose? Tempo OR Loveshot? Sing for you OR Universe? Kokobop OR
James Comey: How Trump Co-opts Leaders Like Bill Barr "You use his language, praise his leadership, tout his commitment to
&lt; BBMA &gt; What is that specific era which made you think that this is by far Sehun's best comeback look? 1 Retweet = 1 Vote
men will literally kill you
Had a proud twisted moment this past weekend. My daughter choose to wear her combat boots with her dress for an
Both sides? You mean the mothers carrying starving babies, or the protestors mowed down by military trucks?
I remember this like it was yesterday
Pragmatism very proactivity Brexit boys v the Spaniards Old school midfield very aesthetically pleasing Counter v
I am screaming lmao. I love them.
Come &amp; meet on stand B27 at the Venues &amp; Events Expo Southeast on the 9th May at the
Look how filthy these shoes are, thinking of doing a competition so someone could have them and lick them
the caption: "solid 14KT white gold vvs diamonds &amp; pink sapphire tennis bracelets made completely custom with
Imagine debating Now let's make that a reality.
The Prom Fashion Show last night was amazing and such a huge success! Thank you so much to everyone who participated,
I got stabbed on Sunday outside anyone who can help me find this girl please contact me or any icon
I seriously thought everyone had internal monologue, I didn't realize it was only a minority. I looked it up &amp;
u can have urs for free
That why you don't mess with a prosecutor!!! I'm impressed with big time now.
Men kill other men (88% of homicides), beat and kill women (96% of DV) and beat eachother (78% of assaults). Women are 91% of
It is despicable that, as the frontrunner, Joe Biden has yet to speak a word on the tragedy that occurred in my
How dare President Trump want to declare a terrorist group like the Muslim brotherhood a terrorist group? Shall he hold
Back home now from therapy. At the start we thought we were feeling better, from yesterday's overwhelming
some random parent: say thank you little baby: tank you :) me:
I had the black blue and orange ones
Been to hell &amp; back.. I can show you vouchers.
I talked with lots of sociologists, as well as Millennials who have never cheated. They explained that marriage has
i literally lose it every time i see this video omg
in my most natural state you grow loopy and obsessed with my kinky hair, kinky tendencies, and denial of satisfaction.
He definitely needs more List A chances, he's a lovely all
This exchange between Cory Booker and William Barr must go viral. Barr refuses to admonish anything Trump has done
Barr misled Congress and the American people to protect the President. There must be consequences. We must see the
If there is a material difference between a "summary" and a "statement of principal conclusions," it utterly escapes
The fundamental problem with Barr's public performances has been this pervasive confusion of the difference between
Will we ever see this iconic moment with Spider-Man and Falcon in the MCU?
Our R6 is getting ready for the Glory Fast Cup Tournament starting nowww!!! Live and kicking
me: hey can i do something to help my grade? teacher: um...it's May me: sorry, MAY i do something to help my grade
I knew he'd start ye know just seems to be s thing in big games Gomez comes in
Best video you'll see today
I'm not a morning person unless you want morning sex
190501 | Special K &amp; Kevin Quinn interview BTS at the 2019 BBMAs (https://t.co/VvNVmVqpUU)
"They ain't got nothing". -creepy Ted Cruz Isnt that the truth... #BarrHearing
Well done the wonderful people of Peterborough. Get rid of that criminal wench &amp; finally stop her taking the piss out
bts' impact on the western industry
Also can someone PLEASE teach me how to apply makeup?? I know there are endless makeup tutorials on YouTube but I
FUCKING COME ON YOU REDS!!!!
Money is everything yeah but what about all the sacrifices like loss of time for example? I don't have a kid and
I moved to LA almost a year and a half ago to work in the animation industry and it feels like so much has changed in my
Please sign this petition in a effort to get a known murderer in front of a grand jury. Read the evidence and
The ONLY collusion scandal is the documented collusion between the Clinton campaign, the Democrats and the Russians and
Trump wants to charge people fleeing gang violence &amp; drug cartels in Central America's Northern Triangle fees to apply
"i ate well by myself, i like to take walks alone, i also like to go on walks with the members &amp; i like to go on
It's like a tree barfed
We are looking for #sexy #horny #girls who wanna make #anal #porn for Contact us if you are
Barcelona Vs Liverpool Live Streaming Online Free L I V E S T R E A M ----- Live Stream
Shame on the people that keep watching this bullshit. Rip Paul Walker
I was only 10 at the time but remember the smoke, the chaos and the fear in the neighbourhood
The minions when gru was asleep
We're used to paying for our #publictransit with tickets and cards, that's old hat. But around the world fares
200,000 retweets and I'll review every hentai ever made.
Extremely severe cyclonic storm FANI has been strengthening in the Bay of Bengal and is expected to make landfall near
Maharshi Trailer....See you on May 9th in Theatres! #MaharshiTrailer
It was five to 9 in the morning. It hadn't even opened properly.
Here's my set from The Late Late Show with James Corden last night...
Nothing! The same as God but nobody says thanks to me
Junmyeon's pink hair. HIS PINK FUCKING HAIR ugh I love it #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
If this picture doesn't come up on your tl every month and someone quotes it that the oxygen there crisp as fuck, you're
AG Barr is quietly, calmly taking the Democrat clowns to the woodshed over and over It's glorious tv
lately i've been noticing that EVERYTHING annoys me.and that's fucking annoying. like i'm so tired of myself i wish i was
‘Nine times the size of the sun'. Before you start your daily routine inside this little game we play, really try to
1/3 We have been made aware of a female approaching a number residents and businesses asking to borrow money for
Inside Jimin' mind : okay stay focus on the screen, yeah that's good, yeah keep it up, yeaah, oh shit I can't. My seulgi
I'm an undecided lil' bean so I saved a version flipped in case one looked better than the other 'w'
SANDY WILL ALWAYS BE ICONIC and a visual anthem for dank memes i love this one #weekofRico
Why do we Go Purple to End Lupus each May? Well, according to a recent survey we did, 63% of Americans surveyed have
Listen to my amazing DJ mix made on !
OMG. This is terrible. This was coming. I have been saying it for long. Since the new government in Chhattisgarh
I always ask "What would you like me to do? What can I do to help?" Often I find they actually juat want something
i'm having a terrible thought
Men, I beg of you, please stop ruining the gym experience for women by being a big clueless perv. I work really hard. I
Marrying the right person is more important than getting married before 30!
I'll walk closer the the window before I switch to Android
Write your senator
me coming to school when i watched bbmas all night. #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
Where are you from? Reply your answers with our tags! #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
Are there Republicans at this hearing? I only see Democrats and trump sycophants. #BarrHearing #BarrCoverup
it's a sign
I just voted for BTS for #BBMAsTopSocial at the 2019 Billboard Music Awards. RT to vote too! A
What an a** Is this how people park nowadays??
mf out here trying to fish for a seokjin in the airport
Fans moved from one area to another area &amp; Emilia reporting it like she's on the front line in Syria ffs
they've been harassing her for a decade n her fellow yt competitors have been entertaining it. they stick together and cry
PUPPY PIANIST: A dog wearing a purple bowtie sang his heart out as he hit the keys and howled the high notes much to the delight
I got you big bro!
happy day after labor day, but u.s isn't 5.1
I'm getting the sense that Lindsey Graham is not trying to get to the truth about Trump obstructing justice.
Hausa lady has drugs planted on her, the criminals are arrested and she is found innocent and released. My brothers
Ted Cruz apparently missed all the discussion of Russia.
Give us your illegals was never on the Statue of Liberty. They want free things! You had better
This is Robin. Robin does not understand that this senator was appointed by Stephen Harper and is a CONSERVATIVE senator.
1. In this thread, I'll keep track of things Bill Barr says that aren't accurate.
DEAL DONE: Pablo Zabaleta has signed a new 1-year contract extension at . Good news for West Ham
men will literally kill you
Were we listening to the same hearing?? Russia came up repeatedly!! You're a self-serving twit. #BarrHearing
Poll: Someone has come up with an unofficial LD "Not for the Many "Not for the Few "For Everybody" What
Today marks my 200th day as an ARMY, which is little but I enjoyed every single second of it, I hope it will be 1000 and
Oh I love headcodes! I'm travelling from NCL to either SHF or DBY thank you
#ImpeachBarr - Sen lien Cruz is up - its a Kavanaugh Hearing - Russia has come up 30-40 times
I was walking into class today and a nigga android fell out his pocket and his battery fell out
The research shows that when a school takes time to cultivate a culture of character and develop social-emotional skills,
Kamala Harris opens with a kick to the head. "Has the president or anyone else asked you to open an investigation
Roux Roux loves to support the NEC Women's Soccer team!! Help us by donating at and click women's
20 minutes left of voting!!!!!!! rt, reply or quote with the tags!!! #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
I call geminard to the witness stand
I just voted for BTS for #BBMAsTopSocial at the 2019 Billboard Music Awards. RT to vote too!
My favorite part of LegLife is getting to meet and chat with these school kids. Plus, the youth
If this picture doesn't come up on your tl every month and someone quotes it that the oxygen there crisp as fuck, you're
The Firebird optionally manned surveillance aircraft will be making its airshow debut at this years
When you laughing at a meme at 3am.
Tammy Wynette and all share the stage to sing Silver Threads and Golden Needles. Do you
The above is a fascinating point. Moreover, it shows that Mueller wrote the report for public consumption; and not
she would eat the met gala
AG Bill Barr is clearly not good off the cuff and very strategic questioning has got him stuttering
How I'm trying to spend my summer nights
this is all I have to say about new sonic. goodnight
Once I get comfortable you'll realise I'm the biggest crackhead
President Trump's Federal Reserve pick Stephen Moore expresses regret over a comment he made in 2016 about Trump kicking former
Damn. When you put it this way, I'm officially stoked for this movie.
Barr also explains that spying is a "good English word" and notes that prior to all the "faux outrage" the press used it
I love my Senator.
I mean at this point isn't he the master of the flipping mic art? #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
Follow and RT for a chance to win this custom Dreamcast -- and yes, it actually plays #RAGE2!
I am still waiting for my lucky day with you
Dunworry, you'll be okey. It's just this things take time. Just take care of yourself and drink a lot of warm fluids
All you need to know about Lindsey Graham is that in 2016 he said Trump was "crazy" and a "kook" who was "not fit to be
As the voting comes to a close, we want to thank all ARMYs for voting for It was an amazing voting
scored an interview with Herbie??!! If he had that kind of pull back in the day he never
If you get a chance Heather, take a little look at this.
#TBT to and her perfect little backside. Oh the things I would do!
When baba was pointing out corrupt dealings in the government just before
I actually wouldn't be surprised if Naz ends up back inside at some point to go with Reed, Ford,
TONIGHT'S THE NIGHT #BBMAs #BTS x RT if you're tuning in! #BTSArmy
Happy 298th birthday to James Alexander Malcolm MacKenzie Fraser, the King of Men. Tell us, how would you describe
This is not a patch on their House PN, it is instantly forgettable
"I'm Captain America. Periodt. The End". LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Harris' block of questioning was must-see TV. That was legendary. A goosebump-producing, history-making
graduated highschool before I even turned 17 !! LIFES GOOD
Sunkissed Jimin vs Jimin about to get kissed by the sun #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
It's delicious!
says the guy who engineered the pardons of several war criminals had a "very distinguished career".
smoking a cig
We've reached the point of event planning that I like to refer to as Shopping Spree at the Dollar Tree!
Lily Allen really wrote a song about Alfie Allen being high all day and playing video games and told him to get a job u
Raise your hand if you support the Attorney General Barr standing up for the rule of law today!
It's called Mystery Machine you uncultured swine.
Jim Carrey Robotnik looks like he and his wife trawl Tinder in search of "a third troubador to join us for schnapps
high school: college isn't a joke college:
I know I'm not supposed to say this but my sound is truly something special, man, and thank you to the ones who see it
Twitter has pulled off some amazing things, so I have to give this a shot. My cat Ansel has been missing for nearly three
Ryan Reynolds is a great choice, but we can't forget how awesome it would be if it was Danny Devito
teenage girls, hey. i just wanted to remind you that older men who seem interested in you are still disgusting. no, he's
He gotta have a disease or something cause his hair look bad
xie lian: oh I got poisoned so much im immune now it's fine xie lian: oh the reverend of empty words can't even cause more
So lucky to be at the Open Space Visitor Center with today as we plan how to bring civics and
just want to let everyone know that i'm making this summer my bitch
I'm sorry I didn't know it whould make problem, I'll delete it,I really don't look for problem
Ahead of the gifts with friendship bracelets #BBMAs
As long as you are good looking, girl/guy semua suka
I Could Listen To Kamala Harris RIP Barr A New Asshole All. Damn. Day.
The former prosecutor and now current Senator representing California that is running for President sure left a
Bill Barr's inability to answer question about whether the president or anyone in the White House
just remember i'm always joking unless you're down
Is #drewdeener or sponsoring a race at the track today? Just heard his show song
in my most natural state you grow loopy and obsessed with my kinky hair, kinky tendencies, and denial of satisfaction.
Omg so excited for this book!
If this picture doesn't come up on your tl every month and someone quotes it that the oxygen there crisp as fuck, you're
So I will keep you day and night, here until the day I die #BBMAsTopSocial Louis Tomlinson
wifey material ofc
My Face When Ppl On Staten Island Say Certain Ppl Are Nice At Ball Bc They Killed In A League With A bunch Of Gym
People are weird asf! This dude on the train this morning talking about "gimme a piece of your sandwich" i told him no
I am begging yall to stop with these tweets
Minimum progress policy. Am I fucked? #UCSD #reddit
We have signed Jamaal Charles to a one-day contract. The 4x Pro Bowler will retire as a Chief. Congratulations on a
Booker is irritating me. Time to go for a drive. I really like AG Barr. I respect him (as mush as I know of him of
I wonder if Cruz is still mad about Trump accusing his dad of assassinating JFK and calling his wife fat &amp; ugly?
Praying for the people of Venezuela. They are strong and united more than ever right now. Praying for
Some footage of the river along the Sir John A. Macdonald Parkway near the Deschênes rapids. #ottnews #OttawaFlood
AG Barr is a disgrace, and his alarming efforts to suppress the Mueller report show that he's not a credible head of federal
Personally I wouldn't be spending a lot of money on sanitary products anyway because I take the pill

Seth rollins is the kung slayer, he slay the beast he will also phenomena 1
For me, LGBTQ+ recognition at Baylor is primarily an issue of fairness &amp; equality, &amp; the recognition that there
21) Dianne Feinstein is staring at William Barr in the same way that I stare at the least funny moments of Beavis and
*they add me on sc* *i add them back* Them : who's this? Me :
Let me also inform workers; you were under contributory pension scheme, which for several years and that scheme
Featured in WBUR's The ARTery 25: Millennials Of Color Impacting Boston Arts And Culture, Paloma Valenzuela '09 gains
Lol... What am I seeing???
I'm a catfish. It's easy for people to fall in love with the idea of a person
Tudung labuh . Baju longgar . Stokin . Handsock . You know what , You look so beautiful , Like a princess .
Hi,my name is Otega. I'm a Lagos state gymnast. Most people don't know we have a sport like this here in Nigeria. Please
this is so unnecessary..... I'm moving to Switzerland
I'm sorry, the what?
no offense but bts winning both categories at the bbmas actually sucks
VIP in the Kavanaugh hearings and VIP today. Senate Judiciary Dems would be wise to
Have you got any sort of platform to accommodate individuals yet who have just moved to the area?
So this random old lady i was sitting next to on my flight was staring at my phone the whole time so i had to catch her
Tony Stark: I am... Iron Man... Me in front of 50 strangers:
#USMCA will protect intellectual property, safeguard cross-border data flows and prohibit forced data
I'm not a morning person unless you want morning sex
This is the correct way to wear these shoes!! Y'all bitches toes be hanging off &amp; shit
Before my primary, three women &amp; I agreed to film our journey of trying to run for office without big money. Now,
Make your mark and vote for With Luv" for todays edition of the iHeartRadio Top 5 5.
Can you use your own voting fanbase stat update? What you gonna do if we don't post ours?
Cicis pizza is SO good and I always forget about it
Armys opening their third eyes and stanning twice not bc they got negative hidden agendas but bc twice are talented and
i was bored and trying to forget how depressed endgame made me so i made a captain america edit set to old town road
because i can:
I find it hard to believe the launch codes were all zeros... But then again, the final self
IU: "Hello I'm IU - Lee Jieun, nice to meet you all! This is my first time here in Baeksang Arts Awards. This award is by
The ONLY collusion scandal is the documented collusion between the Clinton campaign, the Democrats and the Russians and
Can't wait for the warriros dynasty to come crashing down. Here's Andrew Bogut mocking James Harden after Draymond
BREAKING: Florida's legislature approved a law that will let teachers carry guns in classrooms for the first time, after they
a great article if you really want to start researching our impact on this planet, and how much time we really have
it's ok babe, i'll text myself back
Utter nonsense. Sitting on the fence to limit damage to the party. Bloody sell out. You can't leave
Is your post office box rent due? The system won't allow you to pay early. ^MS
Lindsey Graham's day so far: - Just said "fucking idiot" on live national television - Deranged meltdown about Hillary
If this isn't in my future I don't want it
" We will never surrender, we win or we die.And don't think it stops there. You will have the next generation to fight
Hey can we keep the gardens and native plants from the Living Pavillion outside ERC library? Really really
Team #resist,please do these things: -#UNFOLLOWTRUMP &amp;tell your followers to.He sees your follow as your support.
But I believe a critique of cancel culture that elides it with the actions of an authoritarian state is
[GUESS THE SONG] Fill in the lyrics!!! It goes down down _____ We got that _____ Don't mess up my _____ Someone call the
Dear media website, please do not make me regret whitelisting you...
I apologize to anyone's who say my previous tweet lmao I didn't mean to tweet that
Me when I clocked in today lmao
Oh shit..... cosign!
Oh man, embarrassment has to be taken to a new level for this guy who was chanting by himself during the entire Stardom show.
Wow—Barr just now: "I have been told during the break that a lesser kind of briefing, a security briefing that
Job Str... from
Butters' Bottom Bitch. Last of the Meheecans. Butters' Very Own Episode. Grounded Vindaloop? Marjorine. What is your
Attorney General Barr is a smart man. He has probably already seen documentary evidence that Australian intelligence,
Through our members, we represent millions of women who are watching from near and afar what we do here today.
Somehow the socks and sandals are worse than the top
Barr's "bottom line conclusions," is his way of
TRUE THAT! *Blumenthal is NO more of a Veteran than *Warren is a Native
i am the master of self destruction!!!! i refuse to be loved!!!! you can't stop me from hating myself!!!!
I LOVE YOU TOO
She lyin
Modi-Akshay interview took the internet by the storm. But do you know what has to say about it?
XRP right Now dot com.. Has plagiarized my tweets in the past. Now they plagiarized the article i wrote on
190501 | HALSEY crashes our #BTS interview to give the scoop on their BBMAs performance!
WOW! Senator Kamala Harris just demolished William Barr! This is a must watch! Thank you You are
Sounds about right, same shit happened to me lol
I rarely skip EXO songs. It's usually when I want to focus streaming on their latest released songs
college sucks because you meet you're bestest friends and spend so much time w them and then you're just expected to
y'all think anything that has to do with a man taking care of himself and keeping himself clean is gay and THAT is
Now THIS is not only a great fundraiser but a very cool win!!
In a similar setting, I witnessed first-hand the soul-eating dynamic that eloquently describes.
Those interested in long range shooting likely know of the Fox HE Grade or "SUPER FOX", the most capable
goodnight, donghyuck. may you have the sweetest dreams. i should head to bed too so goodnight!
[LEGENDADO] Entrevista com BTS e Halsey sobre a performance do BBMAs #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
It all comes down to this. The final season of #Suits premieres July 17 on
I'm lucky to have you
Women in abusive relationships stay, they always go back, unless they see it and want to leave they
Have you tried to see a PCP who takes Medicare? There aren't any. Doctors will flee the profession
Lindsey Graham's day so far: - Just said "fucking idiot" on live national television - Deranged meltdown about Hillary
Well done to the students of Jack Chambers Public School who are selling popcorn for ANIDA this week! All the
Hirono is at it again..slandering and calling AG Barr a liar..it's time for her to fly the coop ..please fly away like a
Amazing how she has the ability to see something no other sentient person can see.

Because #Barr &amp; #Rosenstein decided to cover for #Trump #Blacktwitter
Captain America in the next avengers
this is one of my favourite books ever, i don't know if you've read it before but enjoy!!
...okay now i am sad
He's unable to comment as he's currently in a dark, underground
loving this new sonic the hedgehog trailer!!
Marry someone who when you seek counselling from them they give you Islamic advice reminding you that your hardships
*captain America picks up Thor's hammer* The theater:

"People are waking up!" — The global #climatecrisis and #MedicareforAll are top issues for a large majority
i could tweet about my man but be single as fuck, dont believe everything you read on here x
scarlett producing the black widow movie:
omg stop i laughed in class
THIS IS NOT FUNNY/CUTE/ACCEPTABLE WHATSOEVER!!!! I'm truly disgusted that people believe this is okay...
I will, actually
I'm not a "what are we?" type of chick, if you not making shit clear then we're nothin.
I binge watched Season 1 &amp; 2 of and absolutely love it, am so inspired by and the
Balbadd is a important trade partner for Sindria. That is precisely why we should help regain economy as soon as possible.
Damn i ain't see not one tweet bout Romanoff lol
Hawkeye: Hey, I know you! Nebula: Father, I have the stones. Hawkeye:
I fucking hate this shit
you got some Taylor's vibes
They killed your body, but they did not kill what you fought for and believed in. Your spirit lives on Qabane Dave
When she finally shut the fuck up
i #BBMAsAchievement Ariana Grande
I was drunk and texted my boyfriend "I'm on to you" instead of I'm on my way to you and nigga replied "Here we go" LMFAOOOOO
there are some skips in bts' discography but loona has a flawless one how does it feel to be the queens of modern pop ask loona
scorpios, leo's, libras and gemini's looking in the mirror everyday knowing they're the best signs.
I'll walk closer the the window before I switch to Android
"For so long, I didn't feel like I belonged," Erica said. "And then this day [in November] came that was like, ‘You guys
I rather be left alone all together if you playing games give me closure not false hope
I've died on turn 1 more in my last two leagues of modern than I think I ever have playing all the years in legacy... the
This exchange between Cory Booker and William Barr must go viral. Barr refuses to admonish anything Trump has done
This match should be a corker. One of those matches you KNOW can't end 0-0. ( pinned tweet).
I feel like tagging so many journalists right now my god Lololol
Trust yourself at all times. People on the outside who aren't tapped into your truth will always try and steer you off
There is a lot of lip service being paid by prominent figures with regard to remembering the Shoah this week. If people
I would rather be watching "Knock Down the House."
*laughs in my car my daddy got me*
If this isn't in my future I don't want it
Democratic Socialists hate the free market? OK lets see! You Post on your I phone! Use it for your Uber, Grub-hub and
Lilo and Stitch has been on my mind lately and I forgot how hard Hawaiian Roller Coaster Ride slaps
What a person need in his entire life?
This the cutest shut I've ever seen
Because he is cheating he shouldn't fly his babe out?
We love But when he makes light of the DBs, someone has to fire back for KC. is that
Live look in at the
I loved it as well, and I think that's what I love about Endgame in that it amplifies that tone in IW
WHAT THE PROBLEM?
Yeahhhh ummm The majority of electricity comes from either #coal or #hydro both bad for environment
harries outside the met gala
Brooo I don't know what's going to happen
wordstionary: A person who feels appreciated will always do more than what is expected. #quote #quotes
for your consideration: cactus (with chan): hardstyle callin' (with chan): hardstyle take me higher (without chan): soft,
I think Liverpool will go with 4-1-2-1-2 .. diamond formation with Keita at the tip
#CommonStock Like its name, they are very common. Most of the #stocks distributed around the world are common stocks.
made them kiss and make up after they had a fight
I would BIY condoms so it won't hurt so much mommy Hilary pushes chars up my ass. That bitch
Who told the twat that he should have a beard btw?
I've thought that position would be perfect for him before, I
AG Barr is refusing to look at the totality of the evidence. This is Law School 101! Time to stop covering for the
Thank you to Lindsey Graham for reminding the world that former FBI agent Peter Strzok was a part of a coup to oust
For 10 yrs I served as lone Conservative Cllr/Group Leader on Glasgow Council &amp; since 2017 I've led a talented
If I can't threaten my employees with healthcare (for their entire families), then they might stand up and demand
I don't get carbonated water. It's just water that's Angry. It's Angry Water. There's a real malevolence about it. It's

Bill Barr doesn't need notes on professionalism from this guy
This is a good time to remind everyone, don't do the drugs. Their bad.
Fine &amp; U
Easy to see what she will do next. She thinks the electorate are that stupid they won't know the difference.
If we're dating: • please don't stop sending me selfies • please don't sleep angry at me • never be afraid to ask questions
A beautiful sight.
You think it'll look bad if I come back in a hour buzzes
LOWKEY
me: :( that movie trope where someone has to remove all the weapons they carry on their person and put them in a pile so
no offense but bts winning both categories at the bbmas actually sucks
[NSFW] The Belly BJ (Part 2 of ?)
i cant believe how much i hate pressures of a new
The Starbucks lady who is like 90 years old was so nice today she said "here you go sweetie" sweetie!? are you fking
Absolutely. I said to someone earlier, if they did a Robotnik movie without the hedgehog, I'm in!
Jail is the only solution
Also on join to talk about their first official single release and playing at
Bella Fucking Hadid. That's it. That's the tweet.
I want someone to love me as much as this cat loves her kitten

We at are often asked who we fear most in the Democrat 2020 field The answer is none of them This
6 phone bills, 6 wardrobes, 6 mf's to feed at night, 6 proms, 6 cars at 16, 6 college tuitions, 6 hells, and 6 naws
Cruz is such a waste of carbon
he a lil cutie isn't he
All I think about is money,i want to sell drugs
If you see this tweet on your TL, you are obliged to RT it and comment " we LOVE EXO" 10 times, each time in a seperate
#Elections in #Afghanistan have always been chaotic but are a manifestation of how far the country has come.
A sparrow is rarely wistful, unless it is a blue one.
RT TO VOTE FOR THE BOYS [ #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
I promise you somebody took that same situation you're in rn and bodied it. Find a solution
JUST LISTED in Brighton, CO! 730 S 11th Ave. Brighton, CO 80601 *NO HOA! *Hardwood floors *New roof *New
This the blackest magic trick ive ever seen
who would buy kevin's shsjaj
my dress. that's it. that's the tweet.
Virat is so lucky to have Dhoni behind the stumps for #WC2019 Every Batsmen around the world scared to move an
President Trump has issued a warning to Cuba if they carry on assisting Venezuelan President Dictator Nicholas Maduro they
Our political correspondent has spoken to Gavin Williamson who categorically denied leaking information
if you're a slut for iced coffee and saving the environment (like me), Starbucks is selling a reusable color changing
Of course he was cleared...idiotstick...he was the one overseeing it the entire time due to Sessions
that two years of spanish in high school aint helping me with NOTHING down here smh
I don't know what's worse.. a bitch nigga or alcohol.
We've already heard note the $25mm price tag on the Mueller investigation. Since Paul Manafort had to pay
Or he'll catch everything himself and then give God 100% of the credit.
What do you mean
YOU ARE MAKING MY DAY! #taylurking #fromMEtoYOU
Harris scores high on the Elicited Information Per Question Words Average (EIPQWA). EIPQWA (copyright 2019)
to conclude, it's fuck paula radcliffe for life. fuck all the other athletes who had a hand in swaying the iaaf's
"A plan like this—with a university running the whole local school system—had never been tried in
is awesome!! I highly suggest reading her book. #Harris2020
i was bored and trying to forget how depressed endgame made me so i made a captain america edit set to old town road
alright but im at how nick and joe got this nice backround scenery for their pictures and kevin got a plain white
Just imagine this, Sia singing, wigless infront of you.
i'm gonna take mwy cat to the uwu woad, i'm gonna, meooow, tiw i can't no mowe :3
Mr. President open the door for people who are on disability ready to go back to work in serve
A butterfly migration flew over our house just this morning. We had to stop and admire these small, fragile little
We had the stars, you and I. And this is given once only.
Looking forward to the rest of the night Sport Awards
Remember these figures when voting #FocusOnHomelessness
Hope this heavy heart becomes lighter when I wake up in the morning
I hope people realize exactly how unusual it is for someone like Mueller to speak out against Barr's letter, much
Need to be rich, win the lottery or something to stop the stress :0 :( :/ :| 0: ): \: |:
value the ones who value you
A girl has a name. Everything that happened to her leads to THAT scene. The girl is Arya Stark of Winterfell.
Lmfaoooo... That's too extreme. How will I throw bants when you're going to city?
[A289] HAVE YOU EVER... ...sent a text message to the wrong person? VOTE AND RT!! #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
you are my everything #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
Alpha Flight, attempt to survive the night!
The American people can no longer rely on AG Barr. To learn what really happened with the president's campaign, Russia, and
Ok who put cap onto the city girls?
rt if you're a true fan #BBMAsAchievement Ariana Grande
I'm raising money to cover some last minute expenses for school as an international student for 3 years earning my
"I want them white" THE ENERGY&gt;&gt;&gt;
1:46 PM - Now THREE Tornado Warnings across southern Oklahoma. The third warning is for the Comanche area just south of
INSPIRATIONAL A #SelfTaught Belgian #Programmer #Solved a 20-Year-Old, Forgotten #Crypto #Puzzle
Barry Brown, Dean Wade and Kamau Stokes have all signed with professional agencies. It looks like their futures are in
It's about objectively informed, not cherry picking who agrees with you. We have
If Lindsey Graham is unwilling to read the Mueller Report and is unprepared to hold hearings about the report,
i suck at cuddling.. 3mins in and i be popping my ass out
SteemLogin - a new and easy way to sign in to Steem! — Steemit
they all showed the bracelets halsey gave them:( so adorable
it just hit me that i'm gonna see my best friend again: and this time by like a 2% chance he might actually
CUTE (LIT)TLE GIRL
BREAKING: Senator Tillis just admitted he has not read the entire Mueller report. Graham also said he hasn't read the whole
LAST MINUTES TO VOTE FOR LOUIS GUYS !! IF YOU SEE THIS, YOU ARE OBLIGED TO REPLY, RT, AND QUOTE
HOSEOK'S SNAP AFTER JIN SAID I LOVE YOU 3000 THEY'RE ALL MARVEL STANS #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
Attorney General Bill Barr: "The evidence is now that the President was falsely accused of colluding with the
Right now I can see lots of people coming together and celebrating India s victory !Pulwama got avenged today!India
I WISH I could make this up but whenever I touch something the fire alarm GOES OFF
BTS PAVED THE WAY BTS PAVED THE WAY BTS PAVED THE WAY BTS PAVED THE WAY BTS PAVED THE WAY BTS PAVED THE WAY BTS PAVED
Ugh I know right? Once it gets flagged a second time (even though they already approved it) they don't
This would be so much better... The movie making him look like a sex offender
Can y'all please go back to watching Love &amp; Hip Hop
1. All things Venezuela! and I brought you 4 installments on the Panama Canal, Central/South
I love slides. fuck shoes rs
I wish i could tell people that i know they r lying about smthng...but like i dont want to loose them and they
Thanos on the way to the club
India's diplomacy succeeds in making the global community declare Masood Azhar a terrorist. The untiring effort of
Or a titty
I switch to a cooking show!
A woman alone with limited wind.
‘Nine times the size of the sun'. Before you start your daily routine inside this little game we play, really try to
I Need a girlfriend
bran during the battle of winterfell
#AvengersEndgame is now the 8th highest grossing movie ever. Should be number 6 by the time Friday rolls around, and
Up this morning House Nat Resources Committee vote for the #RECLAIMAct Bipartisan bill would help cleanup orphan #coal
Unpopular Opinion : we , the early 2000's kid experienced the same shit 90's babies did.
Follow and RT for a chance to win this custom Dreamcast -- and yes, it actually plays #RAGE2!
Fiona Onasanya, ex-Labour MP, served part of a 3-month Prison sentence for lying about a speeding offence: "Petition to
Join me in calling on the government of Qatar to protect migrant workers from forced labor and exploitation.
Gimme a treat! I am dancing for you! #dog #friends
Bach in the rain
2days is too much dear, I'd say 6hours....

Just 17 m left GLOBAL LUV PARTY I VOTE FOR BTS #BBMAsTopSocial --&gt; BTS
Damnit I thought this was real... #BBMAsTopSocial + BTS
the best five pounds i have ever spent and i will not be surprised if it's never beaten
console her, clean her up, ice her face, kiss her on the forehead then tell her good luck in Round 2 and send her back
Camogie Player of the Month NOMINEE for April. RT to vote for Sabrina Larkin. #WGPApotm with
Second question: Did Barr look at any of the evidence underlying the report? Barr: No The Attorney General of the
I'll drop $100 on my boo without any hesitation
Bingo. #Barr can't say whether anyone at the White House has asked him to investigate anyone. .@SenKamalaHarris, who
7years with Exo.......... The best FanDom where are you? #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
The first boss I had after graduating college. Suffice it to say, he never spoke to ME, only to my boobs.
If that's his friend why doesn't he use a pic he took with his "friend"
ALL FUCKING WEEK
"The NHS doesn't exist to provide commercial opportunities for the technology sector." latest column
The LifeStraw is a personal water filter designed to filter around 4000 litres of water - which should last a person 2-3
Any questions about whether Senator Harris is not tough enough to be president???? This lady
Fortunately, it's not quite half. These days it isn't even as many as 1/3. Still, I agree: far too many.
Swearing on children's lives is usually the last desperate remark of the guilty man
Tired of the boomers leading our country. Their time is over it's time for the next generation to save this country.
Flylo with the overwatch mouse!
AG Bill Barr is clearly not good off the cuff and very strategic questioning has got him stuttering
I knew
Kudos to the hardworking members of ISRO for this great journey!!! As always ISRO will do the best job!!All the Best!
all the pals
Workers of the World: This day is ours!
[meeting girlfriend's parents] me: i'm a big fan of your work
look at you now...@BamBam1A #BAMBAMXCVIIDAY
Ah... nice. Here in GoodGovernance island, we throttle our sea life with sewage and then pour concrete on the poor
This is why staff lawyers should be asking the questions, like Watergate
forehead kisses after arguments. tracing each other's shadows. gentleness, watering wounds, turning pain into power.
dinosaurs 66 million years when they heard the asteroid enter earth
What an HONOR to spend a few moments with They are in #VEGAS for the to perform their hit
Just always take the risk.
I'm just surprised since it came out back on March 5th here in the US.
Bill Barr's inability to answer question about whether the president or anyone in the White House
Comey on "He has eaten your soul."
Cannot wait to read book - Outside In. "I wanted the book to be about activism, but also about how
WIDEN THE GAP!!! Vote for you all accounts! #BBMAsTopSocial BTS GLOBAL LUV PARTY
Now that Endgame is over and Game of Thrones is moving along, I'm just sitting here waiting to see if my show is
Heading into May: 1) Don't beg anyone to stay. 2) Save space for people who matter. 3) Keep your circle small. 4)
You setting or following trends ?
I found this out a month ago but I'm still supper happy/proud of you
If this isn't in my future I don't want it
Am I crazy for shipping them but also shipping them with me...like legit one is my bias and the other my bias
I think we need to take to the streets en masse, all over the United states. We need to
Which 2019 performer are you most excited for? Vote here: #BBMAs
One thing is clear - Jeremy Corbyn is NOT the vehicle for radical change that I once believed he was. His own actions and
(SPOILERS!!!) y'all don't care about ned in the spiderman franchise and it shows. wishing a petermj scene instead of
can i blame for making me like sweat and steamy stuff
goodnight i want this frog so bad
A SONG!
I had no idea stupidity was contagious. Republicans are morons now just like their dear leader.
thank you for making this my job
A Hunter of Hunters #Bloodborne
This game should be a cracker tonight. Fancy Liverpool to score at least two goals... #BARLIV
OMG THEY ARE SO CUTE! And comfy, I honestly picture Repliku have his arm around her and her head is on
Jin I'm voting for BTS for #BBMAsTopSocial
Just saw some twitter thread of "unproblematic wlw manga/manhua/manhwa" and like,, can you IMAGINE snootily acting like
2 reasons for hysteria around Barr: 1) he let the public know, before media was able to mislead Americans, that the
i need a never ending hug
U Tempo 2019.......... exo Baby dont cry #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
retweet if u think this person is an icon #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
When are you coming
The Elections and Boundaries Commission, is a fully independent body with a mandate to ensure fair and free elections. But
Cory Booker says that polling data was shared and Barr said "with who?" Uhhh, from Manafort to Kilimnik. Barr has given
for you information #plauen0105 #plauen
LOKI'S GETTING A NOVEL AND THIS IS THE COVER LOOK AT HIS OUTFIT HE
Imagine reading a book that is 22 chapters long and skipping to the 22nd chapter and complaining that the 22nd chapter didn't
I can't wait for the full game! It looks so amazing
Remember this tweet the next time a socialist tries to lecture you on the immorality of capitalism. Socialism has made
I went to a friend's bachelor party a few yrs back near the Smoky Mountains in Tennessee. For some reason, one of
the scariest thing is... you just never know.
cold case files: and he left his bloody fingerprint on the door knob me laying in bed eating chips and salsa: what
BLESSED IS THE MF FRUIT BITCH HANDMAIDS TALE IS BACK JUNE 5TH
You got any big plans for Mermay?
Breaking News: According to TMZ, Maisie Williams was recently hospitalized for urgent treatment due to severe back pain
RT if you love BTS! #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
I'm glad I'm not watching the #BarrHearing. The tweets about Barr's lies &amp; GOP BS are nauseating, if I watched it I would probably barrf.
Snipers put an end to a wild boar after it chased and brutally killed a 66-year-old man in China via
Halsey saying "despite the language barrier, it's important I treated them like I would treat any other friend" to Roman
oh god that annoying piece of garbage is back again
ATX TV Festival adds ‘The League' to its line-up
quick i have an idea, someone pay my tuition
My best wishes for the BBMAs and the world tour Jimin. Please look after yourself. You are precious to
You can block me, unfriend me, unfollow me But you can't uneat my ass
Happy #APAHM! Proud to say my books star Asian American women having adventures, falling in love, finding joy! How about
my boys must be so nervous, but they're the best, so it'll all work out GLOBAL LUV PARTY #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
Are you really schmoving or is everyone around you just schmotionless?
7 amazing young entrepreneurs. 7 deeply compelling stories. The second installment in our #VanStartupStories
Brandon Workman solid af #dirtywater
Watch MSNBC's Brian Williams straight up lie to viewers by claiming Mueller's report did not clear the president of
Never saw anyone joke about the National Geography presenting evidence of a #Yeti foot mark at the Mount Everest base
It's amazing how much you can learn from social media
The 'balanced' view on Venezuela from a key BBC journalist focused on South America
Of course i will give you a blow job... Just let me get my pencil sharpener! #BratGirls #Sph
Some people are like tortillas: when they wrap you in a hug they make everything better.
BREAKING: Lindsey Graham just admitted he hasn't even read the entire Mueller report. So he's been going on tv and playing
Retweet and I'll guess Age: Cute / hot: Crazy / normal Smoker:
Billboard Hot 100 [02/18/19]: #1. Ariana Grande— 7 Rings (=) #2. Ariana Grande— Break up with your girlfriend, im
As soon as the body evolved to have a ‘side booty'
yall stfu i'd drop dead
Kamala: "Has the president asked you to open an investigation of anyone? Barr: [awkward silence] Kamala: "Yes or no?"
Please protecc him. My uwu meter broke. He is the loveliest, cutest, most adorable human bean ever.
the set is $15, you can redeem your Starbucks rewards points. I found these in Augusta, GA while on a road trip.
RAFFLE ENDS TOMORROW!!
Can't wait for the greatest Spider-Man moment in history to be adapted in the MCU
OT12 We miss you..........Suho cotton #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
"The Big Hoax" The corrupt Dems pinned all hopes on the Mueller report, "No COLLUSION" , Epic fail on their part. The
are all three of the jonas brothers going to be sitting on the same chair
this is definitely a thing. as soon as people see you miiiiight be involved they start blowing your shit up. and it's
// I still cannot stop fucking thinking about Dabi wearing skin and being possibly bald
BREAKING: Senator Tillis just admitted he has not read the entire Mueller report. Graham also said he hasn't read the whole
We at SAPAC are honored to share the wonderful news that has joined the Congressional Sindh
Elizabeth Warren has called for Barr's resignation and impeachment hearings against Trump:
#EUelections2019 Deirdre, your say in your leaflet that "I have been close to many policy
mom: why do you take so long in the shower? me:
This makes me think of claiming she invented the woah
my brother has been trying so hard to get me into suicide boys and i think its working... i dont know who i am anymore
do u remember when he #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
Ha! I want one too. I'm going to send you a link.
i'm not cut out for it
So, yes, they have.
If after you've said something to a black woman, she begins her sentence with, "First of all..." Don't ask
I really appreciate the daily bullshit news articles that tell me how much I should hate you forget the
Good southern girls always have a jar of bacon fat next to their stove. It's right there in the bible, you guys.
#MayThe4thBeWithYou. This Saturday is #ElectionDay, &amp; that means it's #StarWarsDay! This is your last chance to make
HAHA! Looks like you and Mortimer are going to be the face of us "Doomers" to Vancouverites. Good
Look at the line-up for tonight! Wow! My last vote for my boys before getting into meetings. RT to vote!
iTunes Bahamas #1. Break up with your girlfriend i'm bored (NEW)
i'm ready to go hooooome
I think....you still have no idea. The effect you can have
We will have a Silent Auction at our Spring Fling tomorrow. All proceeds will benefit 4th, 5th, and 6th grade
I'm a Juve fan and even I'll admit there's only 1 correct answer to this question...
Set the DNC &amp; the record straight Senator Ted Cruz!
"Silver Star Service Banner Day pays respect to those who have received the Silver Star but is more broadly
People you can't trust: The Public Bathroom Teeth-Brushers. Gross.
Attorney General Bill Barr shuts down Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse (D-NJ) after Whitehouse gets upset over Barr's use of the
Lilo and Stitch has been on my mind lately and I forgot how hard Hawaiian Roller Coaster Ride slaps
YOU . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . YES YOU . . . . . . . . . . . . . . I DEMAND YOU TO RETWEET THIS . . . . . . . . . . . .
me after i spend all my money impulsively and my depression is still there
minseok watching you while you're doing your makeup
hhh thank you!!
I keep a lot inside
legend has it that one day Danny Devito will swallow the moon, the ultimate Egg, and plunge the world into darkness
Let us widen the gap. #TopSocialArtist #BTS #BBMAs
This gave me a big smile aww, congrats fellow exol #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
Thanks guys!! I'm excited, hoping for a fun day!
Seeking asylum is a human right. We shouldn't charge fees to people who are fleeing persecution and violence. "Give
Senator Hirono sounds like an unhinged conspiracy theorist. She's just ranting and raving right now. It's like having
RT this I will rate your account If flops idc #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
Follow and RT for a chance to win this custom Dreamcast -- and yes, it actually plays #RAGE2!
I'm feeling attacked #BBMAsTopSocial GOT7
Grassley is mad Mueller didn't find Democrats did the real collusion
Please retweet if you think there should be a global ban on trophy hunting.
Whether or not we are married with children, there's a responsibility on us all to raise the next generation.
You can do it EXO
Special Counsel Robert Mueller's letter objecting to the Attorney General's characterization of his report confirms what we
I hope I still get duit raya this year
don't lose a good girl thinkin u got it like that.
Someone call Jeff Sessions and tell him he is no longer the most embarrassing person to serve as attorney general.
This is ridiculous.
Yes Kuzgun she was scared when you said divorce because she was scared you're leaving her. Get on the program. Also it
am I ready to actually have 4 biases in ateez? no I'm absolutely not. do I care? probably not
At 2:05 PM today, will discuss the three things you should do immediately to drive sales on social media, how to
me after handing in the qual essay
I can start a cult if u want
Shuda been bucky
i've found your match
Army denies contents of a video which alleges troops of Grenadier Regimental Centre were asking voters to vote for
The AG's job is not to defend the President.
the real OTP
Master Chief, Crash and Lara Croft should be in Smash Bros. They are really the
A terrorist attack
Mark, you are a brave young man and a patriot! Our nation can be proud of you!
Maybe you're just smol uwu
Barr just said that the FBI did not give a defensive briefing to the Trump campaign warning that the Russians would
Barcelona vs Liverpool Live stream : alternative link :
where the niggas at that ain't full of shit
amritha varshini is my full name and it denotes the karnatic music raga amrithavarshini which brings
The only reason why you all like Theon Greyjoy so much is bc he looks like one of those anemic 28 year old noodle
There will be a party tonight, are you coming? GLOBAL LUV PARTY #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
He blocked me after I diligently pointed out a spelling error in his tweet.
this is the absolutely worst way to unlock characters
I am Me and I endorse this idea.

Ok now explain the democrat governor of Virginia in blackface
Think they absorb pressure in first half Bobby comes on in 2nd half and try to knick a 1-1 or 1-0
King.
Please don't Tommy Robinson in same sentence as Brexit Party. Brexit Party is a protest
The Red Sox don't trust Tyler Thornburg in meaningful situations and he hasn't given them results in meaningless ones.
i am not an attorney but i am guessing that 'not bothering to fuckin review at the underlying evidence' is something actual
why haven't I made a sale in a week
20 minutes left of voting!!!!!!! rt, reply or quote with the tags!!! #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
this is sad day. i am heartbroken for caster semenya. the idea that she will be forced to take drugs to reduce the
The gag is this will delight Abuja men. They can finally dance on their boys
A6: Your feelings are valid, and they always will be. It's ok to not be ok sometimes. #SOSChat #mentalhealth
So that's the answer, then.
sis is stressed. sis is tired. sis is me. i am sis.
I'll drop $100 on my boo without any hesitation
I relate to that dog that's howling all the damn time
i can't wait for BTS, their perfomance, seeing them have fun and happy &amp; the cheers etc.. i'm so nervous and EXCITED.
TONIGHT'S THE NIGHT #BBMAs #BTS x RT if you're tuning in! #BTSArmy
BREAKING: Elizabeth Warren Just Called on Barr to resign SHE SAID THIS "AG Barr is a disgrace, and his alarming
I would rather never see a whale in my entire existence on this Earth than to see it in a small tank
There were 5 attacks on the SNP and Scottish govt in today's pmqs. I think something
Harris: Has the president or anyone at the WH ever asked or suggested that you open an investigation of anyone? Barr:
Delegate Jones is now officially the Speaker. The only vote against her Del. Parrot.
You sucked his dick? Her: It's a part of sex, ain't it?
'Impeachment' is not conviction. it is an airing of the facts. it is time. please act and air some damn facts. thank
This woman intrigued the little bug; Her presence left a very sweet smell, which admittedly he enjoyed. Now if
Some Labour supporters are *so* angry about what might happen to poor people after Brexit they're going to *not* vote
the mcu is a disney property so asgard is a realm within the kingdom hearts universe so it's theoretically possible
OKAY! IF YOU SAY SO
It's time to honor the teaching profession with the support, compensation, and respect it deserves. We stand with
To become depressed by a hopeless serious chronic illness is in fact a very
CNN &amp; purveyor of fake news working hard to try and discredit AG Barr. Someone must be afraid. The days
Unfortunately ye
Just a little bit of the contents of the refrigerator....°·* Via: gato_cats #Instagram #catslife #purrfect
Raspy is better
I doubt she's pregnant because the only person she's been moving around with is King and he's a gentleman
THREAD I told you...
Oof. Big fucking mood
Workers of the world unite! Happy #InternationalWorkersDay
A Dr perpetuating the idea of HIV being an anomaly while we grapple with the stigma that HIV carries. In the day of U=U,
The Risen Army! Here is my 1K thank you giveaway for you all! - via
Why would I stream boy with luv and I already have perfect skin
#01_May # 1169 &amp;#8211; Norman mercenaries land at Bannow Bay in Leinster, marking the beginning of the Norman invasion of Ireland.
i am the only and only kevin stan and i am Proud of it
Making fun of people even as a joke is a sin. It's become so normalized that some people's entire personalities are based
Congratulations to EXO D.O. for winning the V LIVE Popularity Award at the 55th Baeksang Arts Awards
Barr tells Kamala Harris that neither he nor Rosenstein looked at the underlying evidence in Mueller's report.
We're underway here at the Liberty! #Swans #Rams
Condolences to the family of John Singleton. His seminal work, Boyz n the Hood, remains one of the most searing, loving
I just wanna know what the fuck is wrong with me because clearly I'm doing something wrong
Nah I thought the stories were good and it's only short
He's really hurt that the episode was too dark. Like...sir...it's okay. We all make mistakes.
3/27: Mueller shocks Justice Dept. with strongly worded letter to Attorney General Barr accusing him of misstating the
I'm hearing that several senior republicans in Congress are finally fed up and they are quietly planning to do nothing.
Selling 2 fortnite accounts! First is a Nfa inactive ghoul, skull, renegade and Ariel I used it for
But no country supported it that time, this was the diplomatic difference btw modi govt and upa govt. Aur kitne ache din chaiye ?
What Would I Do - The Braxton Brothers 2018 #NowPlaying on #SoundsofSoul
I haven't done a makeup look in so damn long wth
A reminder: 20th April 2019
I like good coleslaw, esp on a bbq sandwich, or a pastrami sandwich
Lmao jk I don't even have that many #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
i swear i always skipped when they said retweet or you'll get bad luck. and this happened to me today. retweet or you'll
Keep voting honey Rt = Vote Reply too A R I A N A T O R S I T S T H E L A
I'll let you know ...
I have to go to Alabama.
I love ya bae.
Just think, you could die just after you read this and you didn't take the time to fully enjoy your last poo.
Nope you never invite me no where lol
Good time to remind us not only did Trump install loyalist Barr as AG, quietly Grassley stepped down before his term was
Saw you last night, but did it broad day Lot of Murakami in the hallway Got a sticky and I keep it at my dawg's place
Just punch the next fucker in the face ese. Them is street rulez!
Mr Barr, are you going to change the US Attorney's Manual to reflect your prosecutorial method of making decisions on
You're concerned about anti-trump bias in the FBI? Wow, seems to be an endemic of 'anti-Hillary bias'
Wut r those
why did i watch this and why did i like it?
The women have been rocking it.
Senator Hirono sounds like an unhinged conspiracy theorist. She's just ranting and raving right now. It's like having
#AvengersEndgame‘s chalked up an estimated $33.4M yesterday, which is the best Tuesday result for any Disney Marvel
Today's decision is, as one friend put it, an act of violence. ‘The path of least resistance is to turn away from
Barr just admitted he did not look at the evidence in the Mueller report. Nor did Rosenstein. Nor did anyone in the
May the labors of your life be not of hardship but of Love and Joy. #SadhguruQuotes
Booker: Polling data was shared. Barr: [confused] With who? This mofo has not read the report.
So that's the answer, then.
From "Barr's testimony has been disgraceful," constitutional scholar Laurence H. Tribe tells me. "He's
&lt; BBMA &gt; Name all the songs included in 'Lose Control' first album! 1 Retweet = 1 Vote 1 Reply = 1 Vote* *reply with voting
Lets run with this. Ban cars, trains, aeroplanes and central heating. Tomorrow. Let's see your "emergency" I
I don't think my heart has hurt worse than it did today when I went to go see my grandma and she cried and gave
// every time I listen to this playlist my girlfriend made me my fucking heart explodes She also came into
‘Lock down, lock down, let's all hide Lock the doors and stay inside Crouch on down, don't make a sound And don't cry or
if you see this tweet you are now obligated to rt and reply with #BBMAsTopSocial EXO or else you will never
This is appalling from Prescott. No reasonable person would rant at or accuse someone of being responsible for the
I've never got the train on me own before. I would have to
natasha would've been able to lift mjolnir rt if you agree
Has anyone noticed the prevalence of white academics who study a non-white population and marry their object of study,
The fact SOME Ajax and spurs fans were throwing glass at each other and fighting after the game hasn't blown up on here but
green grapes have a higher floor but red grapes have a higher ceiling
God can't heal what you hide.
Daewon said even though he didn't have any activities as for now, but he ensure us that there will be a good news soon..
Imagine the plot of the sonic movie but instead it's the fbi trying to take down this little tiny fast boy.
Follow me baby let me spoil you
Why didn't President Obama do something about Russia in September (before November Election) when told by the FBI?
This graph shows the state-wise breakdown of the #MedianRent and #Mortgage costs in the #USA. Based on the latest
I love you YOU ROCK!
Wife: we're out of coffee, I'm going to take the last one. Me after having two cups: go for it. Me also
Even if Nazism was "rightwing," leftwing ideologies are the head count kings. That's an undeniable fact. Adolf Hitler
I'm the worst
WOW: Barr just admitted that he never looked at the underlying evidence for the Mueller report. So how in the world could he
Tonight's the night! It's our annual Leadership Prize Celebration, and we are thrilled to be celebrating the 2019 winners
the sign language interpreters at the 1:30 showing of Beauty and the Beast are fantastic! #CastCompliment
i miss winwin and his little brother together
These guys hired and as their Graphic Designers, and then blocked and cut all contact with
but like the three chers in the devil wears prada musical? steph as miranda, teal as emily and micaela as andy question
I just peed myself!
Today, I bumped into the legend that is Ever since I was little, I've loved his work. Laughed at him
I get most of my TEA from reading people's text messages from their MacBooks while sitting behind them in class
Nights we dreamed of a tomorrow that will shine like the stars #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
"It's commonly used by me..." LMAO.... I love this guy.
Hey seeing bts | rose bowl(@95PJMlN), thank you for following me
Posting this to let you guys know that I am not dead, just trying to better. Have a mighty pup.
&lt; BBMA &gt; What is that specific era which made you think that this is by far Kai's best comeback look? 1 Retweet = 1 Vote 1
I can confirm that will fight the Peterborough by-election. We will give it our best shot.
me walking into class after posting all over social media that i'm killing myself
Me urge
THIS is exactly why we need nationally televised, Watergate-style hearings on the #MuellerReport: to air the
But i gotta a better one "vengence is mine i shall repay every man" saith the lord. So while you tring to be
In Antigua and Barbuda, Belize, Grenada, Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, and Trinidad and Tobago,
TONIGHT'S THE NIGHT #BBMAs #BTS x RT if you're tuning in! #BTSArmy
Tonto Dike and her Ex-husband are the products of two idiots getting married.
And now we're down to 1 hour left of voting! ARMYs thank you for voting with us as always. You all worked hard until
in 40 minutes the voting will end, i'm encouraging everyone who doesn't vote to do it, no one will vote on your behalf,
"If we in public television can only make it clear that feelings are mentionable and manageable, we will have done a
William Barr should be disbarred. Mueller and his team were frustrated about Barr's handling of the special
Texas, Seriously, how the Fuck did you ever vote for this greasy piece of shit over Beto?
Absolutely! She already has the answers. Getting him to admit it. Prior to #MuellerTestimony
Why does Barr keep saying the obstruction case would be difficult to prove beyond a reasonable doubt? If that's so, why
Need plans for the upcoming #weekend? Keep up with our tweets today and find out what's happening this weekend in #sanmateocounty!
i mean, if people shame women for breastfeeding in public, we should shame men for peeing in public. it fucking stinks,
#AMD50 We had a PC with an Athlon in the school and one day, some friends and I overclocked it...
This is the campaign asking #LE19 candidates to commit to #FocusOnHomelessness if they are elected. I have
MISS LAUREN GERMAN OUT HERE GIVING US EVERYTHING WE NEED I... NO WORDS. #lucifer
Happy Birthday, man of God, from and I! Enjoy your special day! God bless you!
"We need to take a stand." Marvel Studios' #AvengersEndgame is in theaters now. Get tickets:
Big,small, all join together. Masood Azhar designated as a terrorist in Sanctions list Grateful to all for
therapist: loki from the end credits scene of thor 1 isn't real, he can't hurt you loki from the end credits scene
not even gonna chance it
There may be people that have more talent than you, but there's no excuse for anyone to work harder than you do.
Pretty clear that the "irritation" of Barr and his aides is that Mueller had presented them with a report designed for
Okay, so, most of the time.
Valonqar is never mentioned in the show, only in the books. Just like
fb I got suspended on primabunni
#DidYouknow #TodayILearned that the oldest #shark alive is an estimated 500+ years old!

1 in 4 households with kids in the Brazos Valley faces hunger. #MaptheMealGap study is the only
Attorney General Bill Barr shuts down Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse (D-NJ) after Whitehouse gets upset over Barr's use of the
s/o to anyone who's struggling with their mental health and doesn't think they can live like this for much longer. if
it's not fair that dogs have such a short lifespan...
iPhone: Sharon is typing... Huawei P30 pro: Sharon is typing a Lie. Tell her to stop before she finishes typing.
Ma'am why do you wanna make me cry #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
May the month of May be filled with abundant love and many blessings. Reach out and claim it.
Now we will win the Last War. The final season of #GameofThrones airs Sundays on
Well I can't place builds when I hit the ground after flying, BUT at least my entire screen shakes all game today! Thanks
#WondrousWednesday A Pakistani Islamic Priest preaches here that Mohammed came to him in a dream, saying all Jews should
Saw people that I shouldn't be seeing tonight
"Rule Based Detection?" &lt;- a bit of a rant on #detection approaches, warning: may contain
"I promise I've never let a guy shit in my mouth for a designer handbag" #PromiseLikeAPolitician
me coming to school when i watched bbmas all night. #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
twitter i'm done for the night
Were they making steel wool? :D Sorry, couldn't resist. Okay, so I'm looking at this
Let's use the tags and get us the awards for our kings! #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
We pay tribute to all the labors across the world and strongly condemn child labor. We say Thanks to you for building our
I HAVE HEARTBURN FROM THIS IM GOING TO CLASS GOODBYE SOMEONE TELL ME IF HE BREATHES
Looks like the talking points have gone out to smear Barr
Barr's bafflement over Harris' Q is well-founded. Rosenstein was in charge of supervising the Mueller probe. Of course he
Tune in to the #Borderlands3 Worldwide Gameplay Reveal Livestream for new info and hands-on gameplay. Watch now!
Um..... It's all over the internet that did this. So his tweet isn't going to hurt
...facts OR holding accountable a complicit Fourth Estate. And now, this cult of systemic ignorance and naïveté
If you have no respect &amp; love for the country which had taken you in ‘ giving you with
Well I don't have to worry about any little dicks. I get to pick mine out off the shelf.
was right... the "White Walkers" are the generals.. the dead people are the "wights"... Fire only
Usually I'm all about being over the top about "my birthday week" but now I just want it to me over with &amp; move
men will literally kill you
I'll walk closer the the window before I switch to Android
bitches will listen to Cellophane by FKA Twigs ten times in a row and be like "i'm fine" no you're not you're crazy
MY FUCKING QUEEEENNNN
I'm convinced white people feel like they HAVE to compliment me anytime I change my hair.
. How about California Senior Senior Senior while awake, not taking a nap? .
#AIL A few of the Tarf men were in the today ahead of Sunday's Final. #WhoAreWe #AILFinal
Cruz stating if this letter is all the Dems have they have nothing. He's going over the letter issue. (This was a
There isn't a deal- good or bad. It's a binding international treaty. As if from one sovereign nation to another. But
WATCH: Sen. Blumenthal questions AG Barr about the status of several other ongoing investigations from the special counsel's
Today's Verse of the Day: Give praise to the Lord, proclaim his name; make known among the nations what he has done. 1
i still think we can win the top duo group award #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
*Comes home from shopping* No one: Me: "OK I'll show you what I got."
I BETTER NOT SEE AN BOWL CUTS TOMORROW, I WANT FOREHEAD, EXPENSIVE CLOTHING, JEWELRY I WANT BTS TO FLEX
i need u #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
I want....
If this isn't in my future I don't want it
Sen. Mazie Hirono just TORE INTO Barr, saying: "The American people know you're no different from Rudy Giuliani or Kellyanne
Went to Columbus last week to take the temperature of #CrewSC supporters &amp; talk to the club's front office about what happens
Follow and RT for a chance to win this custom Dreamcast -- and yes, it actually plays #RAGE2!
So u follow the crowd like a sheep.. Is that what ur saying?
That's what happens when you too much time on your back
So look who's crying now, BOO HOO HOO Talking 'bout you missing your BOO OO OO!
i'm screaming
#67,057: Qasem Mohammad Al-Salman, a man from Daraa, killed by shelling on 7/18/2013... #HowManyMore?
Oooo, Joanna. Bad take. Not a good take. We're all counting on Scotland right now in the
.@SenatorDurbin: "I have been listening carefully to my Republican colleagues &amp; it seems they're going to coordinate a 'lock
i just remembered namjoon once said he's a cat person and that's just so on brand
0:37 place - place where one had dates before b: i've gone to (a place) after breaking up s: after breaking up, you've
After months of 2020 campaigning, telling that Harris' first big moment came not on the trail, but in a cross-examination
most people giggle and smile when they get compliments, meanwhile my awkward ass is just over there looking like
The revolution in motion engulfing drivers and commuters, konke here in Zone 2! #VoteEFF08May2019
I think you travel to search and you come back home to find yourself there.— Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie Fit Farm
I'm seriously starting to wonder if Barr actually read the full Mueller report. He seems shockingly unfamiliar with
after you stroke my tum, let's dissolve
Hello I've got the solution for the #HighburyCorner fiasco, you should install a roundabout
Today MP signed her first project document with the Constituency Development Fund with Director
I see haters all around me... I look like I'm the man!
Match sure you watch tonight's episode. This is a very cute moment. #riverdale
Thor is the strongest avenger honestly, they had to nerf him down in endgame because this dude was holding storm
My bad. No I am not related to that. Idk who that/they/it is
stop teaching your daughters that their "virginity" is a special gift to give somebody its fucked up and gross
For everyone that asked me what song this is here ya go
"Workers" (1938); Alfred Sessler. A local #Milwaukee artist, BS from #UWM predecessor Milwaukee State Teacher's
Dear Discredited, Disgusting, Senate Dems, Your hatred &amp; overreach will not be forgotten. Your complete disrespect &amp;
Wow. Wow. Wow.
jungkook and hoseok has entered the chat
the sonic movie actually looks good as hell
I'll take one lol
I muted Ted Cruz because I love myself too much
Politics aside but nothing, and nothing has no real meaning for the poor and the exploited workers than having them
Sick of them 10 sec ads you get at the start of adult clips. "Hey you! Yeaaaah you..." oh piss off and show me the goods
Aaawh man. I've been wanting to farm with
.@MarshaBlackburn: - "I think Mueller assembled a 'dream team,'" Blackburn said before listing the team. - "Do you
PhiAs: Moves in rhythm to a song that isn't bachata Everyone: OMG I THOUGHT YOU GUYS DIDNT STROLL
Hahaha.The rebuttals will make great soundbites for her competitors.
you stalk your ex, I pretend mines dead we different
We Florida are truly heartbroken for our children, and the teachers who nurture them. We plead
Oh yeah the second time around I saw more things. Read alone about a couple of things and you'll see you missed stuff lol
i dont want to talk about it but damn, father
Oh my, there's a tweet for everything. Hey Lindsey!
Oakland Metro Area - CDL Class A Driver: Clutter - Hayward, CA - Description Join a world-class operations team
I agree there are outstanding women running. I hope a woman becomes either POTUS or VP. I do
BTS PAVED THE WAY #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
Barr admits to Harris that he &amp; Rosenstein both excepted the Mueller Report as the full and complete evidence and
Film Analyst brings you the BIG Khalen Saunders review Will file for
The hype vs The real talent
And just like that, the clouds parted and the sun shone through.
Excited to be apart of The Concert for Love &amp; Acceptance share the stage w/ artists like
I'm a mixture of livid and sad rn this is a very dangerous mixture
Hey, army #BTS will be on with the at 7:50. #BBMAs #WestwoodOne
#TongueOutTuesday goes to my lil man #MaverickKaneC seven months and I don't think his little peanut head is getting
I got to host the Smoshcast this week! We got to address some rumors about certain Smosh games members and.... stealing
Mark Weisbrot's and Jeffrey Sachs's shocking report that the US embargo on Venezuela has killed 40,000 people has almost
Assange Arrest: The message is clear. To journalists and all Americans, if you try to take away our power, you will pay
We want to thank you for celebrating our 75th anniversary with us this last weekend! In case you missed it, fell
A terrorist attack
Dogs can smell a wrong 'un. Fireplace Williamson reeked of arrogance &amp; conceit from day 1 of his wretched political
U can't spell menu without Me n u so wassup baby
rt if you love bts B - jungkook A - jimin N - taehyung G - seokjin T - namjoon A - yoongi N - hoseok
Why do you hate hearing the truth.
Won me some serious £ this fella.
scorpios, leo's, libras and gemini's looking in the mirror everyday knowing they're the best signs.
USA's chats with us about pursuing an individual path to #Tokyo2020, why she's excited to represent
hello to all the 3 fuckin AM peeps!!! SHOW SUM LUV
If this isn't in my future I don't want it
Does The Wasp get name checked?
Only a few minutes left until voting closes! RT and reply with the voting hts! #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
Sen. Hirono: "Now we know more about your deep involvement in trying to cover up for Donald Trump ... America
Unpopular opinion: up there with Arya, one of the heroes of "The Long Night"—or the whole series, even—is Ramin
Us real fans are behind you 100% coach!
950B9E1D :Battle ID I need backup! Lvl 120 Godsworn Alexiel
Look what wonderful boots I brought with me to #London Care to worship them?
8. What's the most expensive thing you've broken?
The first day you run outta weed really feels 3 weeks long
Harris: Who had the power to make decision about whether evidence sufficient to charge obstruction. I think you've made
Won me some serious £ this fella.
The other senators should hire Kamala Harris to be like a player/coach designated questioner instead of all wasting
Developers can start developing apps for Android Automotive at I/O 2019
I miss Mac, I miss good times
the assignment description for essay 5 was to write a review on a movie that we had seen. the opportunity arose, and
Are u sure? Thank u so much...
"The idea of building a tribe has been popular on social media for several years now, and you'll see many women
my man said "that one really makes me chuckle"
i love this
It feels so good to move on from you
Who will be the last man standing on #WorldsCollide streaming TONIGHT at 9/8c on
It is now a highlight of my speaking career that I got to say "I insist that people be able to speak truth to power
And to think that we have an orange cancerous tumor who blasted the Admiral who lead the mission to kill Bin
I took my daughter in to see a doctor because she hit puberty extremely early...the doctor said "african
Bbmas nights with : *2am is the start of the red carpet* [2:10] Me: bich wake up... Still me: yo
Venezuela's opposition leader, Juan Guaidó, has asked the military and civilians to rise up against President Nicolás
y'all getting mad over the gc making jokes
I HATE that black woman can't express emotions without "having an attitude". Everyone else gets to be exhausted,
Just wanted to make a statement regarding recent events
.@MarshaBlackburn: - "I think Mueller assembled a 'dream team,'" Blackburn said before listing the team. - "Do you
We really all lived the same childhood in different houses
Just so we are crystal clear James, how MUCH vpower fo you put in that SVR in a
I wanna cry
Yes! I take my Yeti cup with me and load it up - keeps it cool and keeps plastic and straws
.@BoubaKikiBot Hmm...that was a dangerous curve.
It's LIVE! Thanks for everyone for pushing me to do this. I worked hard. In today's Unhack'd
Sen Crapo extensively questioning Barr about how the Washington Post learned about Mueller's letter. It may have been
If you're having a bad day, watch this(:
Wow.....I can no longer tell the difference between AG Barr and Rudy Giuliani.
You: Why is my balance so low? Economists: Bc working Americans haven't gotten a raise in 30 years despite unprecedented
Barr is asking us to believe he can't recall whether he discussed ongoing cases with the White House or whether the
Blumenthal asks Barr if he has spoken to the W.H. about any probes spun out of Mueller's probe. Barr says he doesn't
Donald Trump is not a conservative Republican. He's an opportunist. He's not fit to be President of the United States.
Make me &amp; every other Goddess wake up with a smile.#findom
Well this is fucking hot
you mistake anger for power. You always look like some angry control freak who asks questions to to
Maintaining my body is a huge task. #SriReddy
William Barr is exactly the kind of Republican that Democrats say they respect. Yet when he doesn't do exactly what
I'm either feelin myself or about to cast a nasty spell hunni. You decide #watchingtomuchgameofthrones #maybeline
Nigga said "Who all going?"
I tagged and
Other Democrats should watch how quickly #KamalaHarris got #Barr flustered to see why being friendly and deferential is
One of the most heartbreaking things I've read in our ER bill database: A 2-year-old eats a dangerous drug. Poison
The inventor of the snooze button has passed away... His funeral will take place tomorrow at 10:00am, 10:09am, 10:18am,
All the parents sitting next to their kids watching the performance $500 for ?
hobi we get it u have money
I'm not watching Ted Cruz because Ted Cruz. #BarrHearing
Wow! Great and Important job Brandon! Bravo...
If I randomly bust into this move with my headphones in on the street, please respect my privacy or join. tysm
so many people only care about themselves and their life comforts - without
HANG OUT and HOOKUP do not have the same meanings.
Cruz points out how little focus of today's hearings are about Russia, but instead they all have been attacking
Are you planning on trip videos? I always enjoy your vlogs
I'm sure that plenty of people had the thoughts of "I don't think relationships are for me"
It's not a coup when Maduro is not the legitimate president to begin with Jim. He is a dictator who won't leave.
Can all Democrats on the Senate Judiciary Committee yield to for the 2nd round, please?
I'm not a big fan of potato salad either personally and my mom makes one folk request that I still hardly
A girl has a name. Everything that happened to her leads to THAT scene. The girl is Arya Stark of Winterfell.
how rts does this have to get for you to give me 3 tickets to stadium show !?!
My assumptions are facts the people that teamed are friends the guy cheated I don't need to
Holding on to you is a reminder de mi para mi |-/
POV: you're a fetus and i abort you with a topshop coat hanger
Sir please sir can I DM you for something so personal ?
my problem is that I won't give up on something until it completely destroys me
I'm just going to leave this here: "He (@JoeBiden) is the white moderate Dr. Martin Luther King warned us about in
The main reason I bring up this example — if you told someone after that Game 2, the 20th straight win, that the
#MAYDAY! Here's my recap for April: #WritingCommunity Overall, it has been a productive
if you tryin to be like this lemme know
Don't add the + behind the hashtag or it won't count!
i love the weather of summer but i do not quite love the way i forget how time works bc there's so much more light in a day
Here's something that school didn't teach you kids.
This looks like what a non-vegan thinks vegan food looks like
The shorts are kinda cute. Not a fan of floral
Why does Barr keep saying the obstruction case would be difficult to prove beyond a reasonable doubt? If that's so, why
WTF is this? Weapons at the ready in a parade? Are any other groups going to 'march' in this fashion? This
I love both, but right now LOVE resonates with me more
Job well done. should rename this "The AudraMcCookie"
A queer pop perfection! #TroyeSivanMNL Setlist 17 Bloom Plum Heaven Fools Lucky Strike Wild l'm So Tired Postcard
A beautiful mindset is so attractive
*Dr. Strange opens the portals* The Theatre:
Neymar in trouble again for punching fan after PSG lost Coupe de France final in a penalty shootout to Rennes
oh my god ! my gf is taking me on a date dates make me so happy i love her so much
18 years ago today, Ray J drops "Wait A Minute" ft. Lil Kim &amp; Pharrell produced by The Neptunes.
Kamala Harris just opened up another can of worms for Democrats. She asked if Barr tried to look at the evidence below
Let's be clear - Mr Williamson has to strenuously deny being the source of the leak. To say otherwise would be
We loved with a love that was more than love. -Edgar Allan Poe #BBMAsTopSocial Louis Tomlinson
When did we all decide that all of our money is for funding other countries, before our own and at
Production has begun on Marvel Studios' #CaptainMarvel. receives instructions from Brigadier General
According to Barr if you feel like you are being investigated unfairly you can obstruct an investigation, and the fact
Books Made into Movies 2019 ~ Books You'll Want to See!
waiting for your texts
AM I THE ONLY ONE THAT THINKS THAT SHAWN'S NEW ICON LOOKS LIKE TAYLOR SWIFT'S VISUALS!!!? Shawn ft. Taylor?!
i was bored and trying to forget how depressed endgame made me so i made a captain america edit set to old town road
Nick: we are excited for ever- Joe: I'm ONLY here for BTS
pitbulls are the funniest dogs ever.
Beautiful
i have stayed home today to protect myself because the school does a crappy job at protecting us.
"La Ola Latina" WTF?!? It's 2019 how we still a wave and what kind of whitening fuckery is this cover. Yalitza
Sonic the Hedgehog live movie trailer reveal: Me:
"2020 is the big year for Will Muschamp. 2019 is about survival on the field to set up what in 2020 is kind of a prove it
When you've worked for 2 hours, look at the clock and it's only been 5 minutes
Lmao I love her
HOW DO YOU COMPARE JOHN LENNON AND VINE IM-
the scariest thing is... you just never know.
Theresa May "lost confidence in Gavin Williamson's ability to serve" says No 10. That's a bit bloody rich.
"My fans are the best fans of the world" "I'm lucky enough to have a very loyal fanbase..." Let's show louis our loyalty
Exclusive: Radio Biafra Breakfast - George Onyibe
A #BBMAsTopSocial Louis Tomlinson
ULTIMAS HORAS DE VOTACIONES. RT A ESTO, Y RESPONDE PALABRA POR PALABRA "OH, HOW SHIT CHANGES. WE WERE IN LOVE. NOW, WE'RE
NO COLLUSION, NO OBSTRUCTION. Besides, how can you have Obstruction when not only was there No Collusion (by Trump),
It is cowardice to not want to face a reality you know exists. To willingly ignore the pain, suffering &amp; death you are
TONIGHT'S THE NIGHT #BBMAs #BTS x RT if you're tuning in! #BTSArmy
Gavin Williamson said/did some stupid things and I'm glad he's no longer defence secretary. At the same time,
Detective Pikachu and Sonic are the start of the super smash brothers cinematic universe
Y'all my mom, bff &amp; I are going to a spirit gathering tomorrow. I'm hella nervous but excited at the same time
Both the Attorney General William Barr and President Trump now have the right to sue the ignorant and willfully
Mother's Day is around the cornerrrr, my two little babies bday, my brothers bday...so many eventssss
And rightfully so.
I need loyalty, loyalty, loyalty.
$VNUE Dilution is off for the time being looks good
looking for a new bf at this time
Someone said, "Don't be afraid to start over again. This time, you're not starting from scratch, you're starting from
"It feels like forever since I've been in one of these trucks, and I'm ready to go. Dover is definitely a
{{ To hear and see Rhys go to the 9 min mark }}
#YorkU alumni - we want to better understand how to communicate with you. Some of you may have received a survey
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
Run with the boys like you supposed to slow ass nigga
I'm pretty sure I just watched a dude walk into my therapists office with a six pack I dont know if I want to
Finished my first ever #LetsPlay a few days ago of #ResidentEvil2Remake. I'd love to see some extra watches and
Bless you Steve. Massive hugs and respect mate.
Thanks you again for continuing to push for this at #PMQs.
Official Book Trailer - Bitcoin Money: A Tale of Bitville Discovering Good Money. Explains to all ages: "Why
Giving back to communities is part of our culture at EQT and we lend our time, talent and resources to inspire and energize
"she's the best" "she's doing just great" "she's perfect" halsey really is their girl,, I'm living for their
Strong gaslight warning in effect. Avoid tweets containing the words "steamrolled" or "destroyed" or "slander."
I'm not ready what's going on help
A new Member Happenings: Duck Donuts Military Appreciation is on Fredericksburg Area Builders Association FABA
I always like to call #Ajith sir as #Thala &amp; as #CaptainCool bcoz that is their first identified nick name &amp; I love

Moving on from toxic shit really the best feeling ever.
some of you weren't into hetalia or japanese rpg maker games in 2010 and it shows
Yes obviously lol thats why im laughing cause I wanna see what he has to say
oh don't make me do it...... you know i'm back on my bullshit. i'll dump a bottle of watermelon
this how dads look when someone comes to their house that they've never seen before
"How could I resist a dick like that?" -Eclipsa
uh yeah when are people gonna start telling college professors lecturing slides the whole 55 min class is pointless
here's chris hemsworth panicking because he's trying to name all the marvel movies
If she was on Life Support, we would know. She was
It's possible to be against socialist governments *and* US-led regime change.
That's fair I was scared of that too
Ma: "come in and show your father what you just bought" Da:
The people of Butembo-Beni are thrilled to see you with their true leader to deal with this thorny issue.
Nigga said "Who all going?"
I was going to say exactly this. If there's a pass catching TE I definitely want
Me: "I'm ugly" My Friends:
"The doctrine of original sin is about the way we human beings fall from treating each other as subjects to treating
Note the expressions on the faces surrounding her.
who even is that deadline lovestory guy... he's everywhere i go and always smiling
Currently in need of a big hug from God.
you are going to eat my pussy
Thank you Michael Myers Thank you Eddie Murphy Thank you Cameron Diaz Thank you Antonio Banderas Thank you John
men will literally kill you
Im dying. This is great "And now, for your listening and viewing pleasure... I could listen to this
Factual, till you learn
I saw my "crazy" side once &amp; decided I wouldn't be involved w/ anyone that would take me out of my peace like that I ever
Maisie speaks for the majority of Americans
I'm going to relish his and Hickenlooper's losses
I honestly get on with my flat mates but it's the most frustrating thing knowing I bleached the kitchen from top
I'll show you #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
.@Brewers pitcher stopped by our offices to show off a few of his incredible impressions.
I know the economic condition . India is 5th largest economy and gdp is more than
just wanna say that my edc will be 50% edm and 50% latino heritage. my set will be dedicated to toda la familia on the dance
J.I.D. - 151 Rum via
so you need pain
I don't get why people are comparing Lewis &amp; Bottas with Nico &amp; Lewis... Just because it's an inter team ch'ship
The Speaker has announced that the Recall Petition in #Peterborough has been successful. As more than 10% of the
Back in december, i re-demoed Buckley just for the fun of it. Its my favorite released RS track &amp; i wanted to try
stupid GOP if you keep trying to ask and spin this stupid conspiracy theory that the FBI is bias
In November a key witness goes to trial, Stone. He seems the nexus.
Beans and chitterlings... who tf easts something call chitterlings anyway I'm not even trying that shit
Complete the sentence + include "Ariana Grande #BBMAsAchievement" in your tweet _______ is best song on ‘thank u,
Do they take naps to Verdi's Dies Irae movement from the Requiem also?
a girl is not a treatment plan for your damaged little ego
Great tips from the room at #UKPfR on writing Select Committee evidence - and find more advice in our "how to" guide
We can find him suck some transexual dick in the way.
I don't mean to be redundant, but again from
Need a dependable &amp; knowledgable Home Tutor? is a DM away. Be kind enough to RT this. Our clients are on
a congress for
A root canal is less painful than watching Cruz
JACKET NATION... the PHS Athletic Hall of Fame committee is accepting nominations for the class of 2020! Nominate a
Haha "Friendly Confines"
BREAKING: THIS DYING VET IS MAKING HISTORY BUT PEOPLE ARE TOO CONCERNED WITH AOC COMMENTS TO NOTICE...
You want something then actualize it
I muted Ted Cruz because I love myself too much
Thanks, Tomi. I didn't know Senate was holding a hearing today. I'll check it out to see what tough
"As you start to walk on the way, the way appears." - Rumi
Yes James, I do! I also blow my husband with this mouth. Sorry you don't get any. Now run along and head on over
I've been doing it wrong all my life....
Maybe y'all can impeach him as soon as you get President Trump impeached.
I def suggest watching that episode first then start from the beginning if you've never watched before.
In other, unrelated to fire and beer news, have just realised Hannibal is lying about something Oh and I sold
CREEPSHOW 2 was released on this day in 1987! What's your favorite tale: Old Chief Wood'nhead, The Raft, or The
Fuck the stress I wantchu at ya best
.@LindseyGrahamSC-Put down the Kool-Aid, bro. You look pathetic and ridiculous. Reading out texts from Strzok. What the hell
It annoys me that I'm even aware of this guy
Want to know how far gone our democracy is? An AG who lied under oath, aided a corrupt president in lying about a special
Loool can you imagine, "I was married to a black athlete, how can I be racist" wo maame twe kmt
William Barr has been up Trump's ass so long he's built a second home there. Democracy is hanging by a thread.
It's been nearly a full year since the San Francisco Police Department shot anyone, which they say shows a successful
Kamala Harris got Attorney General William Barr to admit under oath that he cleared Trump of criminal wrongdoing
HAPPY ANNIVERSARY TO ONE OF THE GREATEST ANIME COMPANIES, EVER!!!!!!
if you could get vex at me for liking a pic on an app that made for liking pictures PLEASE to done with me
Guddle was chosen by You don't have to grope around for the story behind this #WordOfTheDay:
our school buses didn't even have heat...
It's First Responders Day in Ontario! We would like to thank our Police, Fire and Paramedic service members (uniform
I have a dream of starting a Pokemon zoo. Where it has regular animals but the signs will tell you which Pokemon
i can see the stars in your eyes
Senator Mazie Hirono has more backbone than anyone we have heard from so far today. #BarrLied #BarrHearing
That moment when you pick a job up thinking it was for Wednesday May 11 and then get a call from a school
WANTED: I'm looking for a lesson teacher in Lekki, Lagos to train a very brilliant 7yr old for spelling bee
I'll go in on them with you 50:50
We all need to agree on the album title before taylor tells us what it is
i swear to god this gif is so fucking hot i hate it kskdksk
Klopp knws his Midfielders shaa so he dey throw in 4 midfielders buh the truth is Qualify over Quantity No be small
I'm Big single
A girl has a name. Everything that happened to her leads to THAT scene. The girl is Arya Stark of Winterfell.
EXO exceeds 4 Million followers on Spotify, is still the 3rd Kpop-act with most followers and the first SM' artist on the
Penny Mordaunt has been appointed UK Secretary of State for Defence. A reminder that this is the person who, during
THE AWARD WAS MADE FOR THEM! #BBMAsAchievement Lady Gaga &amp; Bradley Cooper
I wonder why they don't work together and have a continuous line of argument in the same
Now playing... Sweat (On The Walls) (Sebo K Remix) by John Tejada! Hear it now:
WOW! Senator Kamala Harris just demolished William Barr! This is a must watch! Thank you You are
Punish the Traitorous Tories this Thursday. Elections until we fully leave the EU, are now about these bastards trying
This is socialism. This is what members of the Democratic Party (some presidential candidates) are advocating for.
[A347] MEME time! Sorry, i can't do serious anymore! ^.^ RTx3470! #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
You know how BTS did a live stream on twitter the first time they attended BBMAs, did vlive to talk with us instead
My colleague is too hard on rules and too easy on Coverup General Barr, wrongly viewing him as
When I tell I fucking HOWLED LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
that's the most ‘dad' phone case EVER
cnco rlly said that shit about bts now theyre suffering the consequences thru their ugly ass clothes
Goodness that's awful, I'm so sorry ;_; You work extremely hard! Don't beat yourself up tho.
"We do not look at the underlying evidence." Uhhhhh. OK.
Seeing #MuellersReport is 1 of biggest investigations in history, and Barr has been AG for months, I would expect him
Hallelujah! Congratulations and the whole family
Hmm... Feel like playing D&amp;D on a livestream at 3 est tomorrow? Or you could be a guest talking
[TRANS] jimin is the snack
God I hate you I don't like you
Surely you mean Saint Windy Miller? That man supplies Trumpton with bread.
You will do perfectly my love #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
If you make art, you're an artist. If you're just learning, you're still an artist. If you don't make money from art,
I ran out of FUCKS to give a while ago..
Snide, wicked witch Kamala. Trying to suggest that Barr and Rosenstein never looked at the underlying evidence from the
A flower that grew from the concrete.
I'm shaking #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
I just voted for Lady Gaga &amp; Bradley Cooper for #BBMAsAchievement at the 2019 Billboard Music Awards. RT to vote too!
Do you have something for me to sign? This is ILLEGAL. Do I not have human rights. Please end this circus today.
"Maybe my ex will let me mold his dick so I can always have it." Guess who said that
Kamala Harris got Attorney General William Barr to admit under oath that he cleared Trump of criminal wrongdoing
Also the locals on Facebook are flipping out over the tour.
twitter, what the fuck is this shit???
Why I never buy any vigirl when there's actual black people designing with black teams making wayyyy cuter clothes and not
After watching the #MaharshiTrailer... All I can say is, our SUPERSTAR RISHI is here to set the box-office on fire with
Sometimes the long drive to Kilchurn Castle at sunrise is worth it.
i get embarrassed sometimes of who i used to be in my past, but then i also understand that without that person then, i
Fair would be that they pay him a lot of money and say sorry for what they did to him. There is no excuse
The secret to getting over things is letting yourself actually feel your feelings. Repression only prolongs recovery.
Sad, but true.
J.I.D. - 151 Rum via
"They ain't get nothing" is a double negative #moron #BarrLied #BarrHearing #ImpeachBarr #ImpeachTrump
ZOE SPEAKING SPANISH WHILST DRESSED AS GAMORA IS THE ONLY VIDEO YOU NEED ON YOUR TIMELINES RIGHT NOW
Te invito a ver Barcelona-Liverpool.
Me waiting for all the photos and videos from first night of tour!!!!! Can't wait till Monday and
I literally TAPPED a car this morning in the school drop off line. Going approximately 5mph, &amp; no harm to her
.@StephenMoore explains his 2016 joke about Donald Trump moving into the White House and kicking "a black family out
Im having trouble loading up Minecraft Pocket edition. Its stuck on the loading screen. I have
I'll drop $100 on my boo without any hesitation
On one hand: Naby Keita has scored more opening minute goals in the last 120 hours than Lionel Messi has in his entire
Friends in London! I'm playing this with Nile Rogers &amp; Chic Tribute Band Saturday 25th May 8pm!!
Wonder what it looks like when the AG lies under oath? Watch the testimony of Barr below. We should all be sick &amp; tired of
Imagine reading a book that is 22 chapters long and skipping to the 22nd chapter and complaining that the 22nd chapter didn't
my uncle didn't briefly contemplate joining the military for you to have whatever opinion you have right now, buddy
Update: Antonio Peay, 14, has been located. Thanks for your help!
U were the acid man
I just read the relevant portions of the letter from Special Counsel Bob Mueller to Attorney General Bill Barr into the
happy birthday my boy! Already know you copped some drip hml family.
haven't seen an update yet for those but our past two headline tours all german shows sold out so probably don't wait
Thank you for such a beautiful cover.

even something as small as a retweet to spread the word around can help out as well! we are looking for all the help we
Someone call Jeff Sessions and tell him he is no longer the most embarrassing person to serve as attorney general.
Hirono should be ashamed of herself. She doesn't get to talk nasty and disrespectful to the Attorney General. She
if you see this tweet, you're obligated to retweet and reply with the hashtag and tag or else you will never see EXO
The PM says since 2014 the sounds of blasts can't be heard in India. Phulwama... Pathankot.. Uri... Gadchiroli....
Can you text me already ???
he a lil cutie isn't he
Ty so much go follow if you aren't already
Twitter: #BringbackTrueIndology Save Freedom of Expression - Sign the Petition! via
On this #MayDay the CWA Canada Associate Members stand proudly in solidarity with the brave bike couriers at Foodora
I know I was one of those &gt;.&gt; Hahaha
guess my soul is going to rot
Did read the WaPo story before making this reckless accusation against AG Barr? "When Barr pressed him
Nominating William Barr as Attorney General is one of the best decisions President Trump has made
I have no idea what number I'm at aaaaannnnddddd...i don't have a back up account soooooooo yeah
During questioning from Sen. Harris, AG Barr says he and Deputy AG Rosenstein did not review the underlying evidence in the
When you find yourself making judgments or comparisons about others take second and breathe. Realize you don't know their
Tyler Childers, Abhi the nomad, LANY, The kooks,king princess, the band Camino?! I've been listening to the guys
Harris: Has the president or anyone at the WH ever asked or suggested you open an investigation of anyone? Yes or
Hey Both of your articles are in the top 2 of the most popular in music on Medium!
Thank you! No idea what to expect if we win, lots to learn I'm
Get me a drink or 12 plz drive
Taxpayers should demand these Trump-hating, Barr bashing Democrats repay their salaries. This Barr hearing is a
All kids need to be taught ... never tolerate a bully, even if he's president.
Why did I have to be born a gamer and not a feminist?
thrilling saga of jungkook with his snacks to be continued during the #BBMAs #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
im tired of seeing the same tweets over and over
Men kill other men (88% of homicides), beat and kill women (96% of DV) and beat eachother (78% of assaults). Women are 91% of
Rt or you or your loved ones will crash in the next week
WAIT I JUST REALIZED THEY PERFORMING TONIGHT #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
&lt; BBMA &gt; What is that specific era which made you think that this is by far Chanyeol's best comeback look? 1 Retweet = 1
I watched that last night hahaha
#BBMAsAchievement Lady Gaga &amp; Bradley Cooper yeaaas i think i am going to pass away if i realise her in front
the only energy I'm accepting this summer is "tell me when and where and I'll be there"
hey kids huddle close: there's no "taking the easy way out" with trauma, you absolute goons.
Same. But I feel like we need her in the
it was exactly two years ago today that you introduced yourself to kurt angle and the entire wwe
Jimin: You can't spell Jams without JM. Suga: You can't spell Swag without SG Hobi: You can't spell Hope without
I'll never forget May 1, 2017. I'm sure every UT student that was here is the same way. John Brown, Harrison Brown's big
man people need to stop treating austin like a tourist attraction. y'all don't even say hi and pose for a photo straight
Barr is so bad at his job.
ruel's 199th on the UK charts and 68th on UK pop charts and I know it might not seem like the biggest thing but
Sometimes... I forget to listen because all I can think is.. He's just so beautiful.
Sorry, I'm stupid :c
Yep, the whole "Bankers as intellectual oppressors" thing is nauseating.
Can you tell me how to get to Sesame Street? I can. We're at the renamimg of W 63rd &amp; Broadway.
These two men are so inspiring and brave. They've shared the most personal parts of them in the hopes of helping other.
That clock was the best gift the forexicans ever gave you Randy.
sometimes I wonder how does it feel to be a bts member and able ro see this side of Jungkook #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
ok let's just get this out of the way
In interview, Halifax CFL proponent Anthony Leblanc acknowledges, in worst case scenario, stadium proposal
a congress for
"Read My Lips - No New Taxes
#kbtribechat A6. Certainly, the ones with our GCs, builders, and dealers have helped grow our company. When a top
Gotta support my fav YouTuber Been watching him since the beginning and have had to many laughs at the
Kamala: "Has the president asked you to open an investigation of anyone? Barr: [awkward silence] Kamala: "Yes or no?"
Preparation underway for the #CollegeSigningDay the celebration begins at 1pm
Barr just said that the FBI did not give a defensive briefing to the Trump campaign warning that the Russians would
the sonic movie actually looks good as hell
&lt; BBMA &gt; Name all the songs included in 'NAMANANA' third album! 1 Retweet = 1 Vote 1 Reply = 1 Vote* *reply with voting
When she hit you with the "awwww thanks." You ain't in there.
Seeking asylum is a human right. We shouldn't charge fees to people who are fleeing persecution and violence. "Give
If you've been thinking about leaning Dvorak, start today. It's a lot easier than it seems, and so much more comfortable.
Captain America in the next avengers
The Class of 2019 proudly showing off their college gear on Decision Day. Congratulations and good luck! #nextstep
I pray for the souls of 16 Jawans that died in Gadchiroli. It might just be time to use unthinkable force on Naxals. We
Another standout piece of Trump coverage this morning: This story on how staffers shooed
So this random old lady i was sitting next to on my flight was staring at my phone the whole time so i had to catch her
"If Corbyn was PM he'd be a risk to national security!" screamed all
SHORT SHORT SHORT
So, i had to make a quick concept for kcck s wed outfit for DB even if its in a victorian time i couldnt bring myself to
The sphube (Lp norm ball with p chosen so that volume is halfway between square and cube.)
recommended if you like virtual self
Except when they are like what you said way back.
WOW -- *goes in* on Barr, says "the American people know you are no different from Rudy Giuliani or Kellyanne
I stand by the brave men we've lost in Gadchiroli to terrorism. But Vivek I urge you to stop begging for relevance,
This was AWESOME! told and me about their #BBMAs dance rehearsal with how they
Perhaps. I think it served a few purposes. One, to re-instill the hopelessness. When they see the
Urgent: Comissions open, work needed. If you like my work, DM me requests, and I'll give you a price. Don't be afraid, my
Brits on tour? well I must say I've never seen many Brits do that. What places do you go to on holiday ?
Or any other photo of themselves publicly. Backed up with a
Bill Barr Blasts Richard ‘Da Nang Dick' Blumenthal ‘It's Have to Stop Using the Criminal Justice Process as a
I understand that Churchill must have wronged Tonto Dikeh in the past, but what has the whole "He's a 1 minute man"
to me this is the biggest reveal of all
Are we all even ready for 2012 Loki's sass in the Loki series? I mean, look at him.
my future lies on a thin margin and I'm most likely not gonna make it but fuck it
The issue here is that this Liverpool team is more attacking than the then Utd
AOC takes a beating at her townhall...
Listen.. please. Do not blame an ENTIRE country or race because of the actions of a few people. I have subscribers
the way im all three on different week days
Starting a new review video series very soon
Riley and toot love Na. I think that's special
A lowkey relationship where nobody knows y'all business but everybody knows y'all together &gt;
Well this will ruin your day. Little socialist dumbasses celerating May day and Venezuela is only a TV set away. Oh.
Tracer sees you fraternizing with the enemy and fucking Widowmaker but she doesn't mind joining in for a threeway! See
Hard to comprehend. My daughter is the same age. #YellowCandle I'm remembering one of the Six Million.
&lt; BBMA &gt; What is that specific era which made you think that this is by far D.O.'s best comeback look? 1 Retweet = 1 Vote 1
UNSC listing refers to Azhar's terror role in 1990s,IC-814 hijacking, links to Al Qaeda,Osama &amp; Taliban, and call to
I just voted for BTS for #BBMAsTopSocial at the 2019 Billboard Music Awards. RT to vote too! #BBMAsTopSocial
why..are...you using...day mode
i love when people who truly deserve to meet the twins have a chance to hug them it makes me soft uwu
If it's not accessible to the poor, it's not radical or revolutionary
EXO-L, are you still with us? Are you still energized? Motivated? Ready to keep going? Minseokkie has something to tell us
Captive agencies. #Trump's has gone over to The Dark Side. The timing is suspect. dropped this gift to
social anxiety sucks. you unintentionally make yourself sad you feel alone even when you're not and sometimes you dont
Big Ole Freak &gt; Bodak Yellow
Well I'll be a monkeys tail.
$RDU amazing results and run today, $MTH a little area play to $RDU. Bidding for some.
If it were not for (please follow), &amp; many others including the UK MPs who are
high school: college isn't a joke college:
Rabia is smart Rabia wants fame. She tweet pics daily, she knows the game
I hope you're having a glorious day omg
spread to save a (ARMY) life! #BBMAsTopSocial BTS GLOBAL LUV PARTY
i was bored and trying to forget how depressed endgame made me so i made a captain america edit set to old town road
I'm hard
You want us to pay our writers more, yes? Us too. And if you can help us raise $5000 by May 13, together we can make
Meghan McCain has the right to vote so I don't see how it can reasonably be stripped from anybody else
Here's a big glowing #TimesSquare billboard reminder that is on tonight! #BBMAS
To be asked by to contribute my thoughts on #JohnSingleton's work was both a tremendous honor and a
Corbyn exposing the scale of horrific Tory policies across this country and I am so angry at people attacking him for
It's the first of the month and no bitter bitch slick words gon bother me ! I'm gettin a bag you should do the same !
i was bored and trying to forget how depressed endgame made me so i made a captain america edit set to old town road
Be your own person. Blind allegiance to a celebrity is not going to make you feel whole as a person. Don't lose your
#BBMAsTopSocial EXO sixty nine and I love exo
So... yeah... My office is about, what, 2-3 miles from the riverside and I've had to move my car 4 times today
I loVE YOUUUUUUUUUUU
Damn no, it is so amazing what can happen in a year. And for Becky, I always knew if she had the
"female laborers bear the brunt of layoffs, anti-labor practices, and low wages. Where else can we find conditions
Girl I know right
If You Have A Chance To Rearrange Everything With EXO Members, Who Will Be The: Maknae Main Vocalist Rapper Center
Kamala Harris and Amy Klobuchar demo'ing what having a prosecutor on stage debating Trump would look like. Harris'
I saw this on fb and it made me so mad. IF SOMEONE MAKES THE DECISION TO HAVE AN ABORTION, THAT IS THEIR CHOICE, NOT YOURS.
The following guy is a sexual predator! Watch out ladies!!!
Not a minimum wage but a LIVING WAGE pls.
- So don't worry about being the next me , be the first you .
When you see food coming
Wait hang on? That means this is gonna have to pack in a lot in 90 minutes!
I hired a task rabbit
my favorite part of endgame was probably when the original six avengers joined hands and sang a gorgeous acapella
If the light JUST turned green, don't ever honk at me or else we're staying at that green light till it turns green
Malay boys are so good looking. The more totok they are, the more attractive they become don't me
I really hope there's a scene where Palpatine is like "hahaha you fool, you don't know who you're dealing with! I am
Nice view from the Spokane Downtown Library. We can't wait for the new viewing platform to be
I made the mistake of getting rounds once, now the guy thinks I enjoy spending my own money. kmt
Chowkidar behra bhi he...
.@Comey in new op-ed: "Accomplished people lacking inner strength can't resist the compromises necessary to survive
So the woman who slept her way into Office is questioning the integrity of the Attorney General who has an impeccable
First performance &amp; u stepped up to the plate &amp; smacked the ball over the fence. That's what they call a GRAND SLAM!
if im into you, nobody else is getting the same attention
Be good to yourself before you're good to someone else.
Rachel is so emo over a.c.e as if she isn't meeting VAV soon
If you survived The Tunnel in Dayton or The Hill in Allentown, you can survive studying for finals. You got this
to me this is the biggest reveal of all
when someone in the enemy team is streaming
Dunno. I know it's going to be a great system with the intention of bring players together. It's going to be brilliant.
Me driving back home knowing that I failed my exam but I can now enjoy my summer
Find me in the fields of gold III
it looks like grandma the fucking thing
"ugh! mr. rogers, i ALMOST forgot, that suit did nothing for your ass." "no one asked you to look, tony." how many of u
For National Physical Education &amp; Sport week, we have unlocked each of our teacher's toolbox calendars for the
Why does Barr keep saying the obstruction case would be difficult to prove beyond a reasonable doubt? If that's so, why
This obsession with the « who ride the car with who » is literally the most ridiculous thing ever.
Porto: "Casillas is well, stable and his heart problem is resolved." The media: "We need clicks so make it sound like
You need to go, all Leavers now voting for #BrexitParty your Party will be slain in the
showering in the dark sounds really surreal. like pitch black and all you hear is the water.
Russia got the emoji! Yaayyy #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
First time in three days that I can breath fresh air. Heading to #tfdx at #DellTechWorld
So lovely to give out the English and Media Awards at Year 13 Celebration Evening. Well done to: Greg for Media;
do you ever miss someone and want to tell them you miss them but don't because you know they're fine without you
You'll do a song on the álbum with a rock sound?
How bout a lil' Kentucky Tea with your meal tonight? Come try some of our tasty cocktails tonight at 3 Monkeys!
But the people they're representing could absolutely see this as validation for
"likely primary voters" big fucken deal. tbh
Mueller has written a letter objecting to Barr's summary of his report because it "did not fully capture the context,
Why aren't you questioning Rod Rosenstein
This is my point. The intent was clear
i'm gonna stop watching the stream here so i can leave delicious #Borderlands3 to snack upon later as well, it's looking so
This...is already a law.
VIDEO OF THE DAY Sen. Mazie Hirono to Barr: "You should resign."
Same here, Let no one tell you different.
I'm gravely concerned that the 14 criminal referrals from Special Counsel Mueller related to the investigation are
My first exam is in 6 days and here i am, in bed doing fuck all
LIVE: Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell holds a news conference after the announcement of the latest Fed decision to hold
usually a fan but I think this anti-korean vitriol is too far.
what in the living hell is wrong with you, Mr Hawley? trying to smear our entire FBI to protect this criminal in the White
I'm pretty sure Mazie Hirono just said what every sane American wanted to say here. As For Lindsey Graham chiming in
Lol shit so was I young lady, No excuses!!
Or you could tell them they are being inPtolemable.
Here is the link to the silent auction that was mentioned earlier in a post to raise funds for the Dr. Rick McMichael
"The Impregnator" Free to download for now!
ca: the first avenger: Steve loses Bucky. ca: the winter soldier: Steve loses Bucky. ca: civil war: Steve loses Bucky.
Barr lied to Congress about Mueller's opinion of his crummy memo. Then he held a press conference to double down.
Thanos on the way to the club
#23USWNT first thing you did after finding out you made the roster?
You're just allowing Marchand to be to much of an idiot. It will not stop till you stop it. Multiple infractions and you're in denial.
why are u confiscating a childs lunch... that they paid for...
Great idea? Maybe you can fund it then?
At this point I'd rather look at a donkey's ass.
we most def need to run this energy back for the one time #ProjectTexas2
So damn proud of this guy, he is by far the hardest working coach I've ever met.... keep grinding, the sky's the limit....
girl what this is a mESS
Hey MU seniors! Did you know you can check out a cap and gown through Truman's Closet? Don't miss our on-campus visit
Trying to see the good in everyone is fucking me over
Last year Ramadan most of my time was at the mosque best feeling sometimes I used to come back home after fajr prayer.
For anyone interested in #plasticsurgery #reconstruction #unsungheroes I highly recommend this podcast with Plastic
Truly unimpressed by 99.9% of the men in Omaha... y'all wack.
My boyfriend babying me after I have a minor inconvenience
Yes SiR!!! Especially with Crowell injury now.
Happy Birthday to a young lady who is more resilient than anyone I know, at her age. She has many dreams, and she's
Find the non-vegetarian.
8 levels of midwestern anger 8. "Woah woah woah" 7. "Hold your horses" 6. "Jeez Louise" 5. "Listen here pal" 4. "If
when my boyfriend goes to sleep turning the other way me:
Unbelievable stumpings by MSD.. Again again he keeps on proving that he is the Most Valuable Player when he is on the
I haven't been everywhere, but it's on my list. -Susan Sontag #travel #curiosity quote
Hello I'm Joj Lecker a married can.
Pakistan Army achieved a landmark yesterday when it deployed an armed drone to destroy an explosive laden vehicle of
The #BarrHearing is the new #KavanaughHearing.
gave him a well needed ass whooping now lets get him #Impeached.
ASK ME : 1. Last msg received? 2. Crush? 3. Last song listened to? 4. Birthday? 5. Girl bestfriend? 6. Boy bestfriend? 7.
Joe Biden will be a repeat of 2016. In fact none of the establishment's anointed
When you come back to family dinner with your cousin from being back in 5 minutes
All this will do is get more innocent people killed! Trained cops have a tough time in this
love you guys x
my organs fighting over that one glass of water I drink a day
This is a huge problem of how knowledge *is made* and *about whom* it is made. This is why I'm planning a whole 3-hr
but she has a valid point. i cant remember the last time i've seen a worm.
Lindsey Graham rushing to wrap up the hearing after knocks Bill Barr somewhere past the Space Station
momo trying to make sana laugh is the purest thing i've seen today
Should we give up just because of the gap? JONGIN SAID NO. So keep on voting guys and don't forget to use the proper
My room, I was sleeping
Does not matter if it took 400+ pages or 4 pages. The conclusion is the same. Simply put in two words. NOT QUILTY.
The stabbing scene. #GameOfThrones #NightKing #AryaStark
day 127, i still wonder how winwin felt when they told him that nct 127 will go on tour but he's not included.
Well make no mistake about it , you getting fired brought lots of folks on both sides GREAT JOY !!
Come and see our Julie and Vanessa and Scully the dog, who helps her owner with #anxiety They are all at
Can we just take a minute to appreciate the writers/everyone that's worked on Game Of Thrones over the past 8 years and
When y'all got in a argument and now she telling niggas on the tl "make me"
imagine paying for a show that any kid can perform like this
Jisoo honey, you were so obvious and even camera caught you staring at Jennie's (obviously not her face). We all can't
for #BBMAsTopSocial BTS (@BTS_twt)
PS Do get some more follow because currently no-one's listening to your bile!
Here's the full video
Musk calls Cramer 'ShallowFake' and Jim has a fucking meltdown of grande magnitude. Poor girl was like a babe in the
baby forgot to wear the bracelet FKDKDK #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
Pardon me. Do you have a moment to talk about our lord and savior, Satan?
The Dems act as if they are having a perpetual snow day. They have no intention of ever doing any real
Great move!! Thank you!!
Leaving the hearing room after questioning AG William Barr: Q: Should he resign? : "Yes." *walks away*
BTS PAVED THE WAY #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
Things I knew, but have learned AGAIN today.
OUR FOOD TRUCK TRND IS FINALLY OPEN, this is the menu and pictures of some of the items! if you guys can please RT and
Ya as a podcast we aren't doing anymore Vic stuff because it's not going to
Bill Barr is a traitor. Lindsey Graham is a traitor. Mitch McConnell is a traitor. Donald Trump is a traitor. But if
Starting the year looking after your skin is essential, so make sure you get your cacay oil right away and draw
"As I continue to visit schools across the state, nearly every educator says the same thing: They are forced to spend
Very excited about the partnership. I genuinely think this will disrupt how we view content on the web
"Look! There she is! Princess Pelvis!" ...is a line I'd like to hear Captain America say.
Democrats are showing just how corrupt, and dumb, and double standard they really in this hearing, and it will be
what'd i tell y'all
Cory Booker to Bill Barr: In your news conference, you suggested the American people should be grateful the Mueller
People always left when i was at my lowest so that's why im used to having my own back .
Armys we need you to help us with the voting on the web/we've collected more than 700 email!DM me if you are free
Sarri on Willian: "He is okay, it was only a knock. Today he trained with the group. There are no other injuries
I promise you will be fine , shit happens, people will forever make mistakes .You just have to forgive
Me trying to explain to the bros how hard I can fuck with my monster green dick.
Klopp on midfield selection: "The boys are in good shape. Hendo played five games in a row, for example, and we play on
Ted Cruz showing American people once again he is not serving us. We see you
this is sad day. i am heartbroken for caster semenya. the idea that she will be forced to take drugs to reduce the
[ BBMAs Voting Update ] D8; Estimated Total Tweets + Rts for the past 2 hours: 1. BTS — 838.2K 2. **** —
This ain't about you bitch otherwise I would have.
i can't get enough of my layout it's cute af
it's almost 3am and the bbmas (red carpet) starts in about three and a half hours so do i sleep,, is it worth the risk of
There are 74,092 license plates on the road which trails only the #1 Veteran plate (92,115). Of the 55
Hey you know whats not fun? 60 pages on the COMMAND LINE INTERFACE
Imma brag about my momma cause that lady always made sure I was straight.
Finished my last semester in college while joining a fraternity, taking 18 credit hours, and still managed to get on
dawg you could have stopped after 20 seconds and it would have had the same effect. You're a champ but it wasnt worth
Just posted a photo
deciding to read fics of shows and mangas i haven't finished yet and spoiling everything for myself
oh the mother series as a whole, the gameplay in mother 1 is like pulling teeth! wasnt till mother 3
Mike Scott on #Sixers fans: "Best fans. No disrespect to Atlanta, Clippers and D.C. but I've never had fans like
Thank you all so much for 150 followers, it means alot to us at Density! Please Welcome &amp;
When the batsman lifts his leg for a fraction of a second. 1. Bowler 2. Dhoni
BTS And BLACKPINK Are The Only Two K-Pop Acts To Hold This Impressive Achievement
That's actually perfect. You want a strong dps for that mode since it's mostly running back and
If she's told you what she's been through, why put her through it again?
— even the smallest sign of danger. You save yourself." Her lips pursed into a thin line, her gaze
Dear Senator Chair of the Senate Judiciary Committee: FYI, the #MuellerReport is not what Bill Barr says
You ain't taking shit
If she's told you what she's been through, why put her through it again?
Man I wish Beto beat him. I would have loved not to see him again. #BarrHearing
Latest #infectionprevention newsletter. All you need to know #5May World #handhygiene Day &amp; more - New implementation
i wish i could uninstall problems.
You know what, I want a long, cute relationship where everyone be like "Damn, there still together until now? "
Sydney was looking for an affordable and low km car! She and her Mom met with Tyler on Saturday and test drove a
HEADS UP: The infected woman went to see "Avengers: Endgame" on April 25 at 11 p.m. at the AMC Theatres on Lemon Street in
Yo, the dems aren't talking about Russia because they are staying on topic, which has nothing to do
President Bernie Sanders, Vice President Elizabeth Warren, Secretary of State Tulsi Gabbard, EPA
If we're dating: • please don't stop sending me selfies • please don't sleep angry at me • never be afraid to ask questions
No one can interfere with what God already has in store for you.
Sen. Mike Crapo: When did DOJ and the FBI learn that the Steele dossier was requested and paid for by the Clinton campaign
‘Rocketman' Soundtrack Will Include a Newly Written Elton John/Taron Egerton Duet
Although I should be the most excited for the Godzilla trailer according to
where is the lie.
If I ever had much trust in the judicial system in GB, I have lost the rest of it today. What a reactionary
No tendré que madrugar para ver los Billboard. I-Army: 5 K-Army : 7191919292283 #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
"Socialism is a scare word they've hurled at every advance the people have
I have found that if you love life, life will love you back. - Arthur Rubinstein #quote
how is the fire mv 3 years old i remember the day it dropped like it was yesterday
Kamala Harris asks Barr if anyone in the White House suggested he open an investigation of anyone BARR: "Could you
So glad to finally see one of these types of tweets without a negative ending #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
"i don't know enough to have an opinion about that" is the most underrated sentence in the world
ethan grayson and emma are all together i love there friendship
he is... i forgot he existed until i saw a video wth him in it and I just...
finally home so i can relax and eattt
He died? and the shooter next to him died too?
I moved to LA almost a year and a half ago to work in the animation industry and it feels like so much has changed in my
Honestly I thought Winterfell would be a pile of rubble after that but judging by the new stills, it's still going strong:))
Where are u voting now? #BBMAsTopSocial EXO R956
Seeking asylum is a human right. We shouldn't charge fees to people who are fleeing persecution and violence. "Give
U really be at peace when u don't care
No one at all: Me on the days leading up to my period:
BIG win for the Hawks as they beat #7 ranked school in the state, Brother Rice 12-6 at home! Hawks extend winning
Or who you'll become Rt to vote for Louis Tomlinson for #BBMAsTopSocial
they can barely draw lines between family members and sexual partners what makes you
Moves on the rules #Artist100 chart &amp; debuts in the top 10
#ad R7 Radar Detector available at allows you to Monitor your speed- W/ voice notification &amp;
Can't wait to see you at the BBMAs in person tonight! We will blow the roof off with our cheers!
i mean someones gotta wear it
Add some extra #nutrition to your diet and #eatclean with a bowl of soup! #parenting
I'll walk closer the the window before I switch to Android
if you fuck me like this I'm having your child.
People aren't blaming them for that. It's the things that comes with gentrification. Also, that's a
And now we're down to 1 hour left of voting! ARMYs thank you for voting with us as always. You all worked hard until
I'm glad you know
I know we love jokes but guys Malema can't be a president
What are the chances of Ep9 including a "council" of Force Ghosts (Luke, Yoda, Obi-Wan and ...
"The second I start losing I'm out" is EXACTLY how you will achieve success. Any hanging on of a
Barr's lies are so extreme that just had to cut in AGAIN to fact check. "I'm not going to dance
#BBMAsTopSocial EXO Let's get it fam

For context: students were gathering in front of UPD after they arrested three students who got into an altercation with a
.@washingtonpost: FALSE claim that no one but the rich got #TaxCuts |
Don't forget!
This woman is absolutely one of the most hateful and disrespectful persons I ever heard open their mouth. What a
does your child have reasoning skills | | yes
The PHWA is mourning member Jason Botchford:
A commission client found me through someone RTing my work. RTing artists does help them. You're not obligated, but we

Republicans on the judiciary committee aren't asking substantive questions, they're simply attacking Democrats
You ever been so loved romantically, sometimes you sit in disbelief at how surreal your partners devotion is to you? Like
(Hire) Ebikes are great and will boost cycle journey numbers and broaden
If you break a pinky promise you little the scum of the earth to me
Well no ‘punishment' has been brought against the club (yet)
Another attack on a Church, this time in Italy. WHY is the media covering up this wave of anti-Christian violence. Seems
In honor of #HBDIconicThalaAJITH I can't help but reflect on some of my favorite films of #ThalaAjith! - Amarkalam -
Our Twitter page was created in support of 2 years ago today. Thank you for supporting BTS alongside us!
You're clapped anyways
Looks like a storm is coming in your home state #AllOutMay1 "Right to Work," LOL TEACHERS UNITE!
Arent you hyped
Shorter every republican in the barr hearing: Having heard that Donald Trump worked with a foreign power to subvert the
im such a "i think you lying to me but ok" person
The best team to be in the same boat with! #unilever #businesstrip #netherlands Rotterdam, Netherlands

This is really a job for Trina
Also Really loving a new (to me) podcast I recently discovered called "This Cultural Moment" With
lov u gurl
scorpios, leo's, libras and gemini's looking in the mirror everyday knowing they're the best signs.
Mute words you don't want to see for 24 hours, 30 days, or forever and have more control over your experience.
A student's odds of dropping out of school double after just 1 suspension &amp; harsh punishments are more likely to be
INSIDE THE MAY ISSUE: · The European empire is bursting apart · The Mueller report and the media
Trying to leave the house when you have a baby takes about 45 min to an hour
Iranian Teenagers Flogged and Secretly Executed #Iran #HumanRights
Whilst some Liverpool fans were throwing locals in a fountain. Some of us were having a game of footy with them instead.
There's no better sign these dudes are actually friends than three of them laughing hysterically while the fourth is
I'm trying out for 90 days. You can #rethinkweightloss too and get 15% off a device with my code
I'm tirrrrred of ugly bum niggas trying to talk to me like sirrrr nooo
katya is SO loved..........excuse me whilst I shed fluid from my ducts
&lt; BBMA &gt; What is that specific era which made you think that this is by far Chen's best comeback look? 1 Retweet = 1 Vote 1
Dm me, I stream
You sucked his dick? Her: It's a part of sex, ain't it?
The Dreamer | Creative Types
"We need to take a stand." Marvel Studios' #AvengersEndgame is in theaters now. Get tickets:
Fine just...don't hurt the love of my life
Make i no close eye open am, still see you here! Rush down
I don't know who needs to hear this but if you don't pray Salah during in Ramadan your fast is invalid. Salah is wajib.
If this isn't in my future I don't want it
I don't know why a non-Muslim will make it their business to comment under this tweet ..does it look like he's
Just muted Ted Cruz. I can't punish myself any more today by listening to his bs
Might be the dumbest thing Dobbs has ever said.
Look at the line-up for tonight! Wow! My last vote for my boys before getting into meetings. RT to vote!
The Apple Valley - Connection
Look at the line-up for tonight! Wow! My last vote for my boys before getting into meetings. RT to vote!
Go and hangout with she is a cool bean!
I love him so much. #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
I've never felt so sick to my stomach while watching something. abortion is NOT murder and blatantly lying to try to
A lot lol
Isn't it crazy how music can move you? Ed Sheeran just started playing in McDonalds and now we're leaving
Rich parents &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; hard work
Barack Obama wanted to tell the American people about Russia's interference and he wanted
It time for Dems to act and start Impeach proceedings. Obama failed at not informing the American
Another partisan hack trying to appear patriotic! Is there any #GOPBastard that isn't dirty &amp; will
The Reserve team are after a couple of Level 1 or Level 2 coaches to come and work with manager to assist
Well I'm just about ready for tonight's stream
me: hey can i do something to help my grade? teacher: um...it's May me: sorry, MAY i do something to help my grade
#NowPlaying The Black Eyed Peas - Lets Get It Started #SWIFTWAVERADIO Listen Live
Congratulations to Matt Costanza for his commitment to Saint Michaels to play tennis! They are very lucky to
Naby on the left does sound more sensible, possible diamond formation tho
Who's excited for and Halsey's performance at the TONIGHT? Let's keep tweeting using GLOBAL LUV PARTY
A Government charged with delivering the impossible, in a country where the media treats lies and nonsense as valid
*change up on me, but istg.
1/ The Board of #Immigration Appeals issued a surprise decision in direct contradiction of Supreme Court authority
If this isn't in my future I don't want it
Dear The account has been suspended by because of a planned targeted abuse
i cant wait until jungkook rebels and gets tattoos and piercings and shaves his hair and does whatever the fuck HE wants
Sorry for the curse word, forgive me, but I am livid. If she thinks is a grifter, she thinks the same of
she had cramps and would like to request a hot water bottle, hot chocolate and cuddles.
me: hey can i do something to help my grade? teacher: um...it's May me: sorry, MAY i do something to help my grade
That's what you get when you let your heart win.
imagine paying $500 to see this ,,,
"With every single breath, Oh, we're singing every line For every beating chest, I will give my bleeding heart I
Khalessi &amp; the dragon
Surprisingly upbeat debate at #adassspring19 despite the levels of frustration at the current political impasse on
In other words: Queer folks reclaimed Queer, just like niggas, reclaimed Nigga. If you not in the club, you can't
Iron man built the time machine to go back in time
U r always welcome beautiful haya u r matchless beauty:P bt i dun get sweet dreams:(
Be patient with who you are. You're always transforming.
RT if the Caps were Stanley Cup champions in 2018 and that fact will literally never change even after you die
But then the puppet turned on her it got a mind of it own. This dark magic corrupted the doll
Barr says he did not review the underlying evidence for the conclusions in the Mueller report
Helping my bffs bf plan a proposal. He wants me to put together a surprise party after they have some alone
Here's a thread of the funniest news interviews ever aired on television
Mueller is still on the Soros Obama Clinton Cartel's patrol!
If you think Julian Assange is a criminal and you're following me, unfollow me, I'll unfollow you. Let's make this
captain america: the winter soldier highway fight scene but with toxic by britney spears playing in the background remains
Watch how your "friends" treat their other "friends" you'll learn a lot.
Voting till the last second #BBMAsTopSocial Louis Tomlinson
Just as long as the person succeeding her is a Dem, which I assume they will be.
Ok. If you say so. Thank God, you didn't have to give credit to under pressure from HQ!
So, what determines bone load? On a mechanical level, it's loading cycles (i.e. number of steps taken while
Why is this lady me? Lmao
social anxiety sucks. you unintentionally make yourself sad you feel alone even when you're not and sometimes you dont even
Can't wait till tonight when my internet is fast so I can watch the good parts. Tried to live
Inside The Mind of MAH: Honest opinion on | (Video Thread)
I better start stocking up now
Gosh. Mr Barr isn't a very good reader.....so many words give him trouble. Maybe we should
"He had such a rough start to life and he ended up with an absolute fairy tale ending." Deaf man adopts deaf rescue puppy and
me: hey can i do something to help my grade? teacher: um...it's May me: sorry, MAY i do something to help my grade
I've come to a conclusion that something like this will never happen to me
In this world, only saint is the only person who can match perth. Only perth is the only
pythagoras your pussy is dryer than a desert
For those who loved #LeonardBernstein's Young People's Concerts or who know someone who wants a good basic
Domino's Pizza co-founder traded his shares for a Volkswagen.
Idgaf if yall tired of these lol, open for a mf surprise
[buying $60 worth of bullshit at the pharmacy] cashier: would you like to donate to children in poverty me: no
Its hard to choose so! But 7 days till next wallpaper Wednesday.. Will be
HE'S NOT A GENERAL!! #BarrHearing
peggy: steve we have a new niece, when should we see her? steve: i have some free time tomorrow, we can meet sharon
Ahead of the 2019 we rounded up 9 times shared the spotlight with talented pals
On behalf of #Soundararaja Brothers we're wishing a very happy birthday to #ThalaAjith sir #HBDIconicThalaAJITH
Unpopular opinion - the longer the nails the trashier they look
Have you ever heard of a TRAIN
*Studies all night for a test* My brain during the test:
Ahead of the 2019 we rounded up 9 times shared the spotlight with talented pals
2/I hated the way I felt when you werent there with me It was horrible How could you make me feel so good,And yet so
"Democracy is not about who your next PM is going to be, it is about issues like jobs, education, farmers,
I don't get carbonated water. It's just water that's Angry. It's Angry Water. There's a real malevolence about it. It's
Here's another #ballpointdungeon I did real quick - this time, in the form of the logo (I was browsing the site and
I wasn't looking for you when I met you but you turned out to be everything I was looking for.
"There's not enough concealer in the world to hide Sandy's racism." SEPHORA LOCATION 614 IN CALABASAS. WAS IT WORTH IT?
today is the only day you can retweet this
if you see this tweet, you are obliged to reply "Yoongi you're adorable, i love you" with the tags! dont flop let's
Wendy's owner is a big Trump donor who refuses to pay an extra penny per pound of tomatoes so that farm laborers can
What I love about porn star shows in sex clubs in Europe is when the show on stage turns into a free for all wall to wall
This #Mayday, I visited a memorial for the Battle of Cable Street: when the working class people of London's East End—the
alright i'm done ranting. wanna see some mcgenji
is a misogynistic closet case that has no spine, no ethical or moral fiber, and
I saw this on fb and it made me so mad. IF SOMEONE MAKES THE DECISION TO HAVE AN ABORTION, THAT IS THEIR CHOICE, NOT YOURS.
Kamala: "Has the president asked you to open an investigation of anyone? Barr: [awkward silence] Kamala: "Yes or no?"
Checking grades on BB
It's washing your body, your hair and conditioning your hair require different
ARE YOU READY, FAM!?!?!?! We have created a backup acct for #BBMAs just in case we get shadowbanned. Please follow
White people dont get arrested for rape, drugs, selling lemonade on the side of the road etc, but as soon as a white
I'm an over thinker, so if you don't give me an answer I'll come up with one.
Gimelstob finally did the decent thing, better late than never right? So why are the tennis twiterrati still
I want a Christian version of the Bachelor where it's just a dude in Birks taking girls to local coffee shops only to
Finally giving us the step dad/step son duo I deserve, bless #harryeo
My sociology professor keeps an alphabetic list of new slang terms he learns from students and I will never get over it
I'm ashamed to be part of a country whose legal system does not value the lives of innocent children. Teachers.
WOW. Barr just admitted to that neither Barr nor Rosenstein reviewed the underlying evidence of the Mueller
How Many Followers do You Want ? 5k 10k 20k 30k 40k 100k 200k REPLY with " MAZI " and Follow Whoever Likes your
me bumping the same song I've listened to about 456 times already
no ... I don't like tomatoes
This guy's legitimately the best shitty person on CT IMO
Kamala Harris asks Barr if anyone in the White House suggested he open an investigation of anyone BARR: "Could you
Yea brother and the idiot woman that said hes a bigot should move to Somalia if she loves islam...
Here's a big glowing #TimesSquare billboard reminder that is on tonight! #BBMAS
CCP's Susan Krenn sat down with Founder to discuss maternal health. "There are so many
Here we go, Ted Cruz and the misleading premises....
This is your LAST CHANCE to VOTE for Ariana Grande for #BBMAsTopSocial Artist at the 2019
tweets and memes fr hit different when it's past 11pm
In my first act as Premier, I put the federal government on notice yesterday: If Parliament adopts the Bill C-48 tanker
What is "The Cell"?
I made it Mutuals feel free to follow!!!
Y'all wanna beat your children because y'all remember getting beat as kids and you wanna switch spots. Y'all want the
When we wake to news of pre-dawn FBI raids on the Bar Stards... I will believe it.
Party girl Dominic Reynolds was at Danny's as well, her head resting on the table as one of the waitresses
Why is Guaidó still free? As I suggest here, it seems Maduro—for now—understands it's better to watch Guaido lose
Hi! I'm voting for BTS (@BTS_twt) for #BBMAsTopSocial! GLOBAL LUV PARTY
President Trump's Federal Reserve pick Stephen Moore expresses regret over a comment he made in 2016 about Trump kicking former
The excitement a Monday holiday brings can be enjoyed with the #TasteofFreedom. What do you Enjoy your Rum with ?
2 HOURS LEFT TO VOTE Reply All EXO Members Stage Name &amp; Real Name. Afterwards, RT 10 Times You Find In Reply Section.
The likelihood of having trouble putting food on the table has almost doubled among those with low incomes in most of the UK
When the squad walks in... We're thrilled to have our MA students back in the work room to develop their ideas
What a let down! I thought you were better than that. I'll find someone else
Detriment. If they removed the political designation, it will give people a fair chance to actually listen to their
i feel like i'm in season 5 of my life and the writers are just making ridiculous shit happen to keep it interesting lol
SM Entertainment confirms TraxX Jay and Jungmo's contract recently expired and they will not be renewing SM says they are
Media: "Vince are you going to play another season in the NBA" Vince Carter:
He said he wants to "fuck you so bad"
Meet Model Ranger! A tri-colored cutie patootie who would love to range far and wide with you on family camp-outs and hikes.
SO, why do whales breach? They love the feeling of flying They/re communicating with other whales They are itchy due to
1340s Europe: everythings going well today we ballin lol Rats coming in from the east:
You have to root for a name like tax
TONIGHT'S THE NIGHT #BBMAs #BTS x RT if you're tuning in! #BTSArmy
We've just forced Parliament to declare a #ClimateEmergency. Now it's time to take the next steps.
Commission piece for guarding the entrance to a glacial cave~
bowtokingtan: Keep voting! we only have few hours left, let's get the tsa 3 years in a row [ #BBMAsTopSocial BTS BTS_twt]
Mes Saboteurs, No matter how disillusioned you feel, please vote tomorrow. #VoteRemain. Most importantly, don't vote
"Hands up or I'll shoot" Me:
Fully attentive watchers of the Barr hearing can take breaks for real life chores whenever a Republican Senator starts to
The Trumpet is ranting away on Twitter.. He's a mad man. 63 tweets plus in an hour.
i need to stop cussing so much fuck
Hell nah that's the precursor
[meeting girlfriend's parents] me: i'm a big fan of your work
RT ACWmagazine "The Silicon Solution? How robots are reinventing the cargo warehouse -
Female Lucifer, can change to male if asked! - Hung, 12 inches! - Can be dominant, but really enjoys being sub. -
i don't care if you are a big account or small account or skinny ratio, aesthetic account, we need to win this award!!
tired of feeling like I mean nothing to people.
This man buttered his bread like he was greasing a scalp LMFBOOOO SEND HLP
And Williamson, for all flaws, insists it wasn't him, &amp; that May's been inveigled into endorsing his
went to my girlfriends house and her sister is swimming in the fish tank...
SON: dad, I'm scared of the dark ME: I've got this, champ. *takes stabs at the dark*
I hope she likes her fast train to Hawaii.
"Accident"
I just voted for BTS for #BBMAsTopSocial at the 2019 Billboard Music Awards. RT to vote too!
Two Soulja Boys diverged in a wood, and I, I took the one less cranked, And that has made all the difference.
China wilts... Masood Azhar now declared a global terrorist by UN... Major BLOW to
This took me like 5 hours in gimp lole
Old Captain America when he pulls up to the Avengers base
If it'll help you sleep well, leave a comment about it. Selecting a few random people to bless before I go to bed,
Senator Hirono laying into AG Barr saying: You used every advantage of your office to make it seem like President Trump was
Not sure how much life insurance is right for you? No problem. Get started with this easy to use tool.
i was bored and trying to forget how depressed endgame made me so i made a captain america edit set to old town road
a humpday treat, #rt for good luck!
I only gave the correct evaluation as per the market value..
Lmfao ima send ya resume fr !
Some day, but not today!!
Do yall ever read a message from someone &amp; think "see this is why I don't like fucking talking to you" bc same
I want you to fuck me now
Who is the Superstar today?The 3 Khans?Or RanveerSingh?RanbirKapoor? VarunDhawan? VickyKaushal? What exactly does the
#Competition - #Win a stunning bottle of worth £27! Simply retweet and follow both us and to
What is this guys name??
In order to raise the other £17,500, we have set up a crowdfunder page, which is open for donations. If you
Ever catch a glimpse of someone you know with a corner of your eye and then make a plausible change to your route
All set for London this weekend! Heading over to support in the first round of the
wedding planning is hard. can we just retreat into the woods and be married by the fairy queen, thus granting our
Farting Goats
BREAKING: Senator Tillis just admitted he has not read the entire Mueller report. Graham also said he hasn't read the whole
if anyone wants to send me graduation money i would greatly appreciate it. i'm not graduating but i would like some
Salah: *gets the ball on his feet Vidal:
These kidney failures among young people are becoming too rampant. Drink enough water, pee when you feel like it.. Get a
Eco bricks in the making! Year 5 &amp; 6 are realising that it's not as easy as it looks!
Have you caught our LIVE DEMO on the newly announced Model Designer? You've got one more shot! Stop by our booth
when you go too fast
Seeking some vacation inspiration? Why not go to the happiest country in the world:
Asking friends that are into it as well. We converged on it from different parths. I just was
Draco on my wishlist, hope i get it christmas
But that being said Honey Badger is a proven quantity
high school: college isn't a joke college:
Where is your Chief ?
how can a truck enter the throwdown?
Guaido was democratically elected in a narrow 1-0 vote by the U.S. State Department
You might not need this but someone on your TL definitely does so RT for them. How to knot a tie!!!
may watch it before royal comes out then as a recap but it doesn't seem that great
Soon as Exclusive come on I be like
I entered to win my very own copy of The Lego Movie 2: The Second Part DVD! #TheLEGOMovie2 #ad
I always let the first half happen and see how it's going/how it's being played and decide at half time
My old drawing room was haunted so I could never study there anyways :p
Under this tweet, there will be 5,000 comments, from 5,000 Tweeps Like all the comments Follow all who like your
Ohhhhhh you were saying ‘peanut'
&lt; BBMA &gt; What is that specific era which made you think that this is by far Sehun's best comeback look? 1 Retweet = 1 Vote
You sucked his dick? Her: It's a part of sex, ain't it?
19 hours of no sleep already.... I know it will be all worth it!! Keep on voting for those who's still also awake, last
From our series "Dot Necks and Canals": My 1961 Gibson ES-335 hanging out backstage at the Carre' Opera House in
Yeah I know I know (I often forget that twitter isn't the best medium for communicating sarcasm)
beomgyu called he said he love u too
I just voted for BTS for #BBMAsTopSocial at the 2019 Billboard Music Awards. RT to vote too! partiu ver
2012: Venezuelans lost their right to own guns. Their socialist President declared a goal of disarming all citizens.
What an amazing day of #RevOps insights and learning at LeanData's ‘#OpsStars: Journey To Revenue Operations' in NYC.
I don't know who needs to hear this but let's go get Chick-fil-A
"What's my name.. say daddy" Her mouth busy stupid
"Trevor, we bicker, a lot. But you'll always be like a brother to me." #MichaelBot
The owl; picture is mesmerizing.
What do people who lived through the Holocaust find most troubling about the world today? Hear from some of "The
Senator Hirono: "The American people now know that you are no different than Rudy Giuliani and Kellyanne Conway.
A 16-Year-Old Unaccompanied Immigrant Boy Has Died In US Government Custody
A terrorist attack
Are you ready?
ARMYS REMEMBER: THIS IS OUR LAST HOUR OF VOTING. ALL OR NOTHING. RETWEET + REPLY 7 TIMES + REQUOTE WITH THE TAGS!
William Barr has been up Trump's ass so long he's built a second home there. Democracy is hanging by a thread.
Do you do something dumb like lifting w/o a spotter?
So now Bill Barr too? Smh. Everybody who works with Trump eventually lies. And lies. And lies.
i was bored and trying to forget how depressed endgame made me so i made a captain america edit set to old town road
Imagine a better future, one that is safer, especially for women &amp; girls, more equal, where hunger &amp; poverty no longer exist.
One of my prouder moments as a father.
I think it's important to realize you can miss something, but not want it back.
Instamute the weasel
A president can (indeed *must*) be impeached for being compromised by a hostile power (and thus a threat to national
Just make sure you find things to love about yourself today.
We apologize if we didn't make today the best experience to have at JFK. Your feedback is crucial, so
Thanks for sharing this, Cole! How long have you been using Windows?
ever think of how fkn similar jinkook are? workout buddies? anime/manga buddies? presidents of the iron man fan club? their
Touching Your Face During a Conversation – Face touching, especially on the nose, is
3/Living darkness all of the time,Hopeless I knew If I was ever to see the light again I would have to let you
30 minutes of moderate-intensity exercise increased activation in the brain regions associated with memory and
Narendra Modi is seeking votes in the name of soldiers and army, but he does not have the courage to face a soldier
I just voted for BTS for #BBMAsTopSocial at the 2019 Billboard Music Awards. RT to vote too!
The digital edition of the May issue is available tomorrow on Subscribe here:
The person that made that stupid tweet was a woman but the actual writer was a man
Want to work at COLSA Corporation? We're hiring in #SanAntonio, TX! Click the link in our bio for details on this
Look at the line-up for tonight! Wow! My last vote for my boys before getting into meetings. RT to vote!
This just felt right to post since it's 5-1. Legendary performance by the one and only - #Gamecocks
Police helicopter swept past us while in the Mournes today!
aside: A beard for Cruz and a new hairstyle for Ernst does nothing to improve their inner style.
EXCLUSIVE: CRASHES our backstage interview with at the #BBMAs to talk #BoyWithLuv and their exciting
"my mom likes you" is an ELITE compliment
Con de Lange's funeral takes place on Friday and I'm sure there will be a massive turn-out to pay their respects.
.@SenKamalaHarris: Have you or Rosenstein reviewed the underlying evidence for the Muller investigation? Barr: No.
remember when ethan went all the way down for emma to be able to side hug him
RT &amp; follow for a chance to win a Funko Shop Exclusive Mariachi Freddy Funko Vinyl Figure!
Vidal when Keita does a step over and drops the shoulder
i HATE mmyyyyyy feeeeellliiinnnnnggggggg
Yep you guessed it. In his defense we have all done it a million times but he
Sick of smart watches. There is such a thing as being too connected. Trying out a few of my older watches as
comm for of their character "Light" with weight far higher than the name may imply with a visit from a
Don't be shy. Score a job like "LPN" at Morningside of Charlottesville by asking for referrals. It's a great way
Come on you reds #BARLIV #LFC
Idgaf if yall tired of these lol, open for a mf surprise
All flooding= climate change , cold winter = climate change, hot summer =climate change ,
Big match for #LFC in Barcelona tonight. Come on you Reds!!
The Mueller Report refers 15+ times to the Trump campaign sharing polling data with a Kremlin-linked Russian, beginning
Y'all Ruined her birthday by the 10th shot
This is my only Robotnik I reject Jim Carrey
i know you wanna love but i just wanna fuck
These 2 men found out today that in Russia there I s freedom of speech. Just not freedom after speech.
Longest time friend, you're getting old
commentary years past 2013 (except i did 2010 - 2012 anyways)
Happy Wednesday! Dreary here, but hey, its Wednesday ! hope you are feeling better today? #Hugs #Kili
William Barr is an absolute disgrace. But that's what we all expected from a sycophantic Trump appointee. If House
the characters say boring shit that you won't ever care about. the enemies don't use guns to kill you - they use
too late :-( its ok though i need to save up for that and car parts &gt;:)
Lol yes I know. But would still love to see both throw it down
This been happening since 2011 n beyond they did that when I was a freshman!
if u ignore this , you'll never get to a bts concert. Rt for get chance to attend a bts concert!!! #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
Tomorrow I will be asking AG Bill Barr what has been going on at the FBI - who was spying on the president, and why? It's
This is the farmer/fly tipping video for those interested.
I really thought I had an emo phase because I would listen to turns out I just really liked That One Song
When I think of depression, or "my" depression, I think of all the time that it cost me. Time I wanted to spend being
I'm not a Christian anymore: a thread. After 40 years of being a devout follower, 20 of those being an evangelical
Your age doesn't define your maturity, your grades don't define your intelligence, and rumors don't define who you are.
"Banning vaping and heat-not-burn is, to put it bluntly, one of the worst public health policy ideas imaginable" &lt;-
I checked to see whether Encarta covered other religions with the same distaste it showed for Hinduism but, to my surprise,
New York Times Falsely Claims No One Believes Muslim Brotherhood is a Terror Group
BRUH WHAT
it is so hard to flex on everyone 24/7 but like if i dont do it then who
CAN YOU HEAR ME SCREAM
You can't make rules to cover the case that the entire government, AG and Senat is corrupt.
has no interest in the truth. He is a joke.
Do you like to plan things out or be spontaneous? — Spontaneity is the best. Plans don't always go to plan.
Hawkeye: Hey, I know you! Nebula: Father, I have the stones. Hawkeye:
Barr is asking us to believe he can't recall whether he discussed ongoing cases with the White House or whether the
80% went to the top. Hard to argue
Tomorrow Just wake up, wear your formal clothes, go to any company and start working, if they call the police go
15 mins left to vote for the BBMAs Top Social Artist Award. If you see this tweet, reply with the voting hashtag
The UK has cut emissions by 44% since 1990. But there's still more to do to tackle the threat of climate change.
Share if you find it terrific!
#YellowCandle #RIP Rukhl Sapozhnikov who was murdered at Berdichev Concentration Camp in #Ukraine age 20 in 1942z for
I hate crying fr.
Kamala you rock! You are badass girl!!! Thank you for your hard work &amp; for standing strong &amp; form
Love games like this makes me a fan again!!! Let's goooo CC
Who raised you up when you were down?! Mention them
I was at the brewers game watching the bucks
BREAKING: Portuguese media reporting Porto goalkeeper Iker Casillas has suffered a suspected heart attack at the
guys my favorite teacher is leaving next year i'm officially quitting school
Any suggested links to examples or people to follow on visual journalism + infographics? Our new fellow
Okay. I'll just buy it legally.
Nobody: Mexicans waiting for their food: ¿No pos fueron a matar la vaca o que?
I am sure Maimane thinks black tax is decided by the Minister of Finance
On the 4th of May, we will be doing a workshop in lapai, Niger state. Venue: Baptist Model School lapai. Time:
me at 3 am questioning myself why i am still not enough?
My doubles partner is well wifi is not good so..
when the boys inevitably win, how much y'all wanna bet the eggs are gonna say how that "paper award" didnt matter? GLOBAL
I wish the fuck someone would!! I'd be at that fucking school so fast they wouldn't know what the fuck to do!!
When your friend is DT #StJohns, thinks of you while passing Taylor's seafood truck, and picks up some seal
I think it's important to realize you can miss something, but not want it back.
sometimes you the finesser and sometimes you the finessed
I can't wait until Willie turns this thing around. Gonna troll our own base the hardest first tbh.
The biggest name coming out of draft weekend was ________.
me: :( that movie trope where someone has to remove all the weapons they carry on their person and put them in a pile so
Thank you! And your comments and engagement is more than enough support &lt;3
if there was a dislike button it woulda been destroyed
You are wrong if you think i'll ever get over how hilarious and adorable their reactions were to this.. look at louis
As a fat man who eats cake... that is fast...
An American Enterprise Institute study shows Green New Deal would have ZERO EFFECT on 'climate change.' You

A couple of random shots! Bottoms up Hare's and some Fungi, Any idea what type?
if you see this tweet, you are obliged to retweet this and reply, "Yoongi is adorable, uwo lil meow meow" with the
MSNBC interrupts airing of Lindsey Graham's speech to criticize him: He's a ‘human shield' for
I'm with If you voted for Trump; you are a racist, misogynist, homophobic piece of
Nothing is more badass than women standing up for other women. Thank you for carrying this torch and
Do you like gay? :3
i wan sarry
Thank you!!
.@IlhanMN has: Called 9/11 "some people did something" Begged a judge for "compassion" when sentencing ISIS
So this random old lady i was sitting next to on my flight was staring at my phone the whole time so i had to catch her
If you're treating your girl right, giving her attention &amp; respect, making her happy, nobody gone take her from you.
Come on guys - shitty clickbait headline. Literally seconds before I said that, I made it very clear we're
BREAKING: Lindsey Graham, just now at the William Barr hearing: "I can't say I read it all [Mueller report], but I
Me driving back home knowing that I failed my exam but I can now enjoy my summer
"Which club you dey fan?"
More parents have been approached by federal prosecutors regarding their alleged involvement in the college admissions bribery
Well, well, well, if it isn't the consequences of my own actions
sis needs her hair, nails, eyebrows, and lashes done. I am sis. sis is me.
both reflect so many moments of my life, I could not call life if I only felt one. Thank you
Time to plan a trip to them ALL #ExpediaChat #sweepstakes
A guy in class got called on to answer a question and after a short pause he said, "hang on, I'm not dumb I'm just
BREAKING: Portuguese media reporting Porto goalkeeper Iker Casillas has suffered a suspected heart attack at the
girl open your dms or sumn we cant add you
With the amazing #AryaStark (@Maisie_Williams) A girl who kills with a smile! #ValarMorghulis #GameOfThrones
The fundamental problem with Barr's public performances has been this pervasive confusion of the difference between
The S&amp;P 500 closed out the quarter at a record high for the first time since September 2018. Learn
AG Barr is refusing to look at the totality of the evidence. This is Law School 101! Time to stop covering for the
Women really think it makes sense to have a child with a man that isn't their husband but won't invest money into a
A disgusting ruling, which has been inspired by Semenya's bitter/jealous (and Caucasian) rivals from day 1. I'm not
Kumar Sangakkara will become the first non-British President of MCC, for a one-year period starting October 1
and all the rest of the vermin.
Dr Sindi takes us 5 steps forward then with only one tweet a male Dr takes us 10 steps backwards. We have come too far as
Some people will try and make u Feel Bad For being Good.
I LOVE ROAD ROLLER, BANANA, AND PINEAPPLE
I hate it even in articles.
I like that his first line of defense is,"That's a joke I always made." Why didn't Earl Butz think of that?
To those who didn't participate on BBMA VOTING, it's okay, I understand but I admit, I am a bit disappointed. YOU
Great to hear you like it so far, Andrew! Most prefer it on the inside top of their humidor, but
Me agreeing to plans knowing damn well the chances of me following through with them are slim
.@TrueKofi and COLLIDED in a #TablesMatch on this day in 2011 at #ExtremeRules!
SEN HIRONO calling President Trump a grifter and telling AG Barr that he's no more than Kellyanne....... REALLY Hawaii!! You
These are really cool! I really love the designs, and your color choices are great too ^^
If Barr is this horrible with senators asking questions you get why he's afraid of House counsel
IM TRYNNA GET HIGH AS I CAN
i love bax but his bark makes me actually want to leave my house
Damn I thought drake was in qeyada for a second
A week today and the students will be lining up on The Close for the annual #CCF inspection #wholepersonwholepoint
Me wife says she don't like me goin' to sea. She says that she miss-es me, but-I-ain't-so-sure!
The ride was a good follow up but a lot of the songs sounded like the balcony :/ outside and twice bang thoeee
Ion even remember what I was talkin about lmao
I just voted for BTS for #BBMAsTopSocial at the 2019 Billboard Music Awards. RT to vote too!
no one: dad at a restaurant looking at the check: what's the damage
my professor watching me cry about my grade at the end of the semester
I don't knowwww
A relationship is just two people taking turns being the annoying one
marvel could never come up with a plot this intricate
OK, but just don't manipulate facts, ok? The OLC judgment's presence, according to Mueller,
Facts
Like the Kavanaugh hearings, once again the Democrats proving themselves to be unethical trash, today.
The beauty of Japan.
LET'S GO PRAYER CIRCLE THIS YEAR TO GET GOOD CAMERA WORK AT THE BBMAS #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
seems like he has a concern of some sort
Once A Warrior, Always A Warrior! We love you Natalie and will never forget you! Rest peacefully Mrs. Schaublin.
is taking about integrity, that rich! Talking about how long the Democrats have been talking about
Lebron fans just make up fake narratives the heat were the favorite
Lee Mao
Seventy-one: Just you and me and no one else #BBMAsTopSocial Louis Tomlinson
Wish I was taking a hike rn in this beautiful weather
when I was in the third grade I thought that I was
Some say the next ATH will be just around under $275,000, but the $BTC chart guy I follow says
The latest AXIOM's Daily Dose of Learning &amp; Development ! Thanks to
Kamala Harris asks Barr if anyone in the White House suggested he open an investigation of anyone BARR: "Could you
There were a lot of honorable deaths, and an unbelievable Arya but Theon Greyjoy's last moment has to be remembered.
The truth. . . . 2000 packs of tramadol were found in the unclaimed luggage at Saudi but with the name tag of
Kou-san might seem intimidating at first, but he does care about everyone. He just has a hard time expressing it.
This is such a fun event in Valley Junction! &amp; Fox Brewing is just a few blocks away, so stop on by before or
so i've always wanted to do this but my dms broke, so now that they're fixed, i'd like to help some of y'all to
1+1 is such a great song it's just sad b*yonce doesn't know the difference between basic arithmetic and algebra :')
DOYOUNG X ATLANTA : Going to Aquarium! (feat. JW) | NCT 127 HIT THE STATES #ATLANTA
&lt; BBMA &gt; What is that specific era which made you think that this is by far Chen's best comeback look? 1 Retweet = 1 Vote 1
Nini antis why are you never retweeting my tweets gushing about Kim Jongin. Look at this baby, look at this soft man and
This is what happens when Barr is asked a carefully worded question. He can't figure out how to answer it the way
RT The RINOs, #FakeRepublicans, and the Dems./GOP
1. In this thread, I'll keep track of things Bill Barr says that aren't accurate.
Under this tweet, there will be 5,000 comments, from 5,000 Tweeps Like all the comments Follow all who like your
You look soo good
JESUS CHRIST THE PRESIDENT IS COMPROMISED AND LINDSEY GRAHAM IS TALKING ABOUT HILLARY'S EMAIL SERVER. My head is going
In Osun State Nigeria, we kick-started a campaign hashtagged #RevampSekona to track the US$1.5 million released by the
Sorry not sorry to my ex who was too afraid I'd get more muscular than him if I started working out
Not the way I wanted the game to go last night. Feeling ok today. Thanks to both sets of fans for the positive
LAST MINUTE VOTING!!!!! IN THESE FEW MINUTES LET'S GIVE OUR BEST! WE WILL THIS FOR OUR BOYS!! ARMYS ALL I WANNA SAY IS
What brown girls imagine when they pulled up on Halloween as a "princess"
/you happily accept the plate and sit across from him/
I'm going to call him Buttercup.
Soooo no one told me that once you turn 25 or so, every cut you get will be a scar. Even the littlest of cuts
Comey's lackey at CNN claims it's a "conspiracy theory" that FBI agents were "trying to bring down Donald Trump." Text
Attorney General Bill Barr: "The evidence is now that the President was falsely accused of colluding with the
BMW driver clocked speeding at 70mph in a 30mph zone
No doubt! It's extremely crowded up there!
My congrats to you with AG Barr we need you in the WH!!!
1. You should not be confiscating food that a student paid for 2. Many times cafeteria food isn't good
Barr is the third Trump AG to lie to Congress. Trump is trying to block all Congressional subpoenas for witnesses and
-without knowing what happened to her real father, he had no way of assuring Cassie won't be alone.
starting my journey towards veganism its gna be a process but i'm currently pork, beef and (mostly) dairy free
sex kind of weather oof
YAAAAAA Chineeese EXol where you .......... Shimmie Shimmie Ko Ko Bop #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
ARMY CHALLENGE We challenge everyone who sees this to do the entire BTS fanchant once in the replies with voting
We're still looking for a full-time in-house #medicalbiller! Who knows what ATO, AOB, CMS &amp; ERA mean?? Apply
More than the 10% threshold needed to trigger the by-election: 19,261 represents 28%.
Looking forward to our next meeting with Ros the car mechanic. Hoping to learn lots about car maintenance!
Hello ma'am. Why share a video clipped by IT cell? Here is complete 1 min video.
I guess I could play alone while I wait for him but... it isn't the same.
Nigga said "Who all going?"
That's what I want, but that's not what I'm getting apparently
Taehyung with a beanie, glasses and his collarbone exposed send tweet
had lunch with someone else today so I have to quit my job and find someone new to take care of me
*my boyfriend
we havent gotten a noragami manga update for almost 2 months now :((
Nearly all CSU campuses are included in "Best Value Colleges 2019" rankings, which recognize the nation's top
But remember how I said that aligning w/management against your own long term interests eventually comes back to bite
I remember when my buds laughed at me for choosing to support I'm now laughing in 2nd place power ranking.
I can't believe he's the AG!
the final battle scene in endgame makes the airport fight in civil war look like a walk in the fucking park
He has a bunch of hit songs to give birth to leave him alone
If I Ruled The World #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
"YOU made the decision not to charge the president!" --Kamala Take No Prisoners Harris, 2020.
He's such a blowhard.
DO NOT IGNORE ME!! We too grown for that shit! Either we gone talk it out like adults or you just bought yourself a
Official.
No wonder you have so many school shooters
Yesterday's news - all the outrage - Trump claims Dems execute babies - everyone is stunned. And he tells of a 'coup
my friends: Wanna go out? me: I can't, I have plans tonight my plans:
Da Nang Dick to AG Barr: "History will judge you harshly." That's odd. Barr never lied about fighting in Vietnam.
#WorkersDay Ideally governments and private sector should be advertising posts on a day like these for the mostly
Nobody knows the real me. Nobody knows many times I've cried in my room when nobody was watching. Nobody knows how many
10/10 the other members would follow without questioning
Captain America rolling up in the next Avengers movie
As if we don't have enough happening in this country, looks like we got another Gnanasara in the making, who is sharing
NIGGA FUCK THE VALLEY
I Think Valverde Started Vidal ahead of Arthur and Roberto ahead of Semedo cos we need Roberto counter instincts n
The real reason flies are so hard to kill
How I feel when I wake up in the morning
no offense but yoongi's healthy thick eyebrows are prettier than you
TIME TO BLESS YOUR TIMELINES AS YOU VOTE ;-----) HOME OF PEARLS GLOBAL LUV PARTY #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
I heard Ted Cruz' voice I changed the channel #BarrHearing #BarrCoverUp #tyt #TYTArmy
Wijnaldum rocking up at the Nou Camp to complete 4 passes in 90 minutes
high school: college isn't a joke college:
pitbulls are the funniest dogs ever.
Text TN to 644-33 or call 901-295-3539 directly and tell your senator to vote NO on SB705! Firearm safety is
Harris: "What is your favorite food?" Barr: "What do you mean by food? I've never heard of food."
Great to see Building 3 of the .@sugarhseisland development being revealed as scaffold is struck. This new office
When you're scrolling through twitter and see a relatable tweet
Sonic Movie Apologists: "Sonic looks fine in the trailer. My kids like it, and he couldn't interact with actors if he looked
Barr: We have to stop using the criminal justice system as a political weapon
feeling so down? listen to Xiumin saying "I Can Do It, You Can Do It, We Can Do It" #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
Yeah of course. But the NHL will pretend they care about player conduct and safety while enjoying the
Galen Weston steals bread money from Canadian kids for more than a decade but Trudeau gives him a get out of jail free
.@bts_twt and are performing "Boy With Luv" together for the first time at the #BBMAs tonight. Read Halsey's tribute to
don't bring my idc side out of me because i deadass wont care.
For those saying Mueller letter somehow was really about media not capturing Barr letter accurately, here's the actual
A girl has a name. Everything that happened to her leads to THAT scene. The girl is Arya Stark of Winterfell.
when you can snatch the pebble from my ... oh forget it greg you dont know kung foo
When the KH2 intro pop off.
[A349] Hello You RTx3490! #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
Someone said ludacris should be on Big Ole Freak remix and I'm not super mad at that
I request permission to leave. See you troglodytes in January. #ksleg
open for a surprise
The baby is born. The mother meets with the doctor. They take care of the baby. They wrap the baby beautifully. And
I disagree. Can you discriminate against one person? CS is an individual not a group
#LindseyGraham: "Did you have a problem with the way Comey handled the Clinton investigation?" #WilliamBarr: "Yes, I
Stay strong, Our best wishes for a quick and complete recovery
Till yesterday this man was playing the Dalit solidarity card in the BJP. Today we all know exactly what he thinks of
RT TO WIDEN THE GAP RT TO WIDEN THE GAP RT TO WIDEN THE GAP RT TO WIDEN THE GAP RT TO WIDEN THE GAP RT TO WIDEN
#MSDhoni : Whenever i go down south people call me #Thala. #CSKvDC #DCvsCSK
Fashola despite being a political appendage to Asiwaju for years coupled with his cosmetic administration in Lagos will
I TOLD YOU ABOUT ORANGE COLOR
I have a major assignment project presentation today (in 20 minutes) and I'm terrified, it's worth like 1/2 my
Hey. I didn't enjoy how you paraphrased Beyoncé in my mailbox this morning. Seems like a
In a world full of high school kids playing Fortnite, this football coach is teaching kids how to properly change a
Wolverine's older brother. The Badger.
it's the bbmas. bts are standing in their ending poses for bwl. all of a sudden you hear the opening beat of dionysus. your
I have a cold and so i will not be attending Costco today out of respect for the staff and other customers
#ProteinShake #breakfast Protein shakes make a healthy breakfast drink and keep me full
.@MikeCrapo is lying about the Steele dossier being the "foundation" for the Carter Page FISA application. And
Senator Hirono made the choice not to treat Trump or the people around him as normal. She stated simple facts about who
i need a vacation
Does the Holiday Inn Singapore Atrium have HBO Asia?
Join me in sharing aloha—respect &amp; love for others—by giving a lei to a loved one, neighbor, or friend. Leis symbolize
Didn't take long for this take to be
let's make this thread fun! WHAT ARE Y'ALL UP TO? (replying with meme is NEEDED)
honestly i could use a banana in my ass rn
omg ok goodnight my loves hopefully i can wake up and watch bbmas if not i'm sure you guys will do amazing as per usual i
A moment worth rewatching. The attorney general grapples to answer a question from Senator Kamala Harris about whether
New Q poll of Dems nationally: Biden: 46% Warren: 17% Buttigieg: 15% Harris: 11% O'Rourke: 8% Sanders: 1% *poll was 46
It was a true pleasure to announce the last 2 All-Star games. I hope even bigger things are in the near
I'm the Kendall of my family
Kim Taehyung I Love You #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
With a vote of 138-1, Del. Adrienne Jones is elected the first black and first woman to serve as Maryland Speaker of
He's not on the bench.....
Iron Maiden - The Rime of the Ancient Mariner Full Length
Been abt you, since i met you
I think me and look pretty amazing together.
U really be at peace when u don't care
Pisces *
What's up w ppl and thinking Nicki Minaj isn't "real"or has never had to struggle. Her story is so inspirational she just
I'm begging y'all. If y'all know anyone who would want these lil guys, pls let me know. My roommate hasn't been home
When I find someone who understands my love &amp; loves me the way I need my life will feel so fulfilled.
You drink the Kool-Aid.
This is the America we live in now
#CricketAndTravelSuperFan : Search for India's Cricket &amp; Travel Super Fan is starting a question on cricket
what is a legacy? it's planting seeds in a garden you never get to see
I really hate gentilly lol
he is literally the reason homophobia exists.....and that outfit sis PLEASE come up w something else
Wreck the whole day. Just wreck. Game: Arknights
This kid is a hero. Riley Howell was killed while trying to jump and disarm the UNC gunman. This is the face we
Great concept!!!
We have signed Jamaal Charles to a one-day contract. The 4x Pro Bowler will retire as a Chief. Congratulations on a
[A349] Hello You RTx3490! #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
*Comes home from shopping* No one: Me: "OK I'll show you what I got."
Texas, you deserve SO MUCH better than
in one week i'm gonna be packing up my dorm i'm so happy
Before the relationship
We want to congratulate MSNBC on making the exact argument the Founders made when they created the 2nd Amendment. If
Mmmm can i have a look
Labour day as the name suggests is celebrated to honour the hardwork done by labourers as well as to honour those who
A few days ago, someone on Twitter threw their high-heeled shoe. The
You are coming straight from tweet
I have an exam tomorrow please wish me goodluck :( 1 comment with HT = 1 wish 1 qoute with HT = 1 wish 1 RT = 1 Wish
Telkom #telkom what have I done to you. I want the internet. I need to watch soccer please. I can't suffer didn't I pay?
Honest POV's should never be policed. We always need as much info and context as possible. I'm
Monika's tip of the day~ Knowledge will always be power, but just knowing something is only half of the work. You must
they said they're just finished the rehearsal for bbmas and they were talking about the choreo and Hoseok said "Halsey,
Recite your story every morning. I do this every morning. There are patterns in your life that let you know how YOUR
Look the reaction of Arya and Night King scene in BRAZIL:
me as a parent
Me everyone who is hating on sonic in the new trailer
and are you paying attention? The world is watching you and the
Will anyone question Sen Feinstein about her apparent collusion with the Chinese Communist Party?
Two beautiful male Black-throated Green Warblers came in to bath and bicker with a Northern Waterthrush at the
a private life is the best life
In a world full of high school kids playing Fortnite, this football coach is teaching kids how to properly change a
Young people are pledging their vote for the EFF. #VoteEFF08May2019 #OurLandAndJobsNow #7DaysToGo
wy havet dm lookat you dm
It's important to remember how we feel after a cheat meal to prevent us from doing it again. If cheat
I have been exploring Spain again today, found an abandoned airport to take some naked photos in :-) see the full
You are misleading the public In South African Law, she can apply for a gun license &amp; own a firearm.
Get well
I'll just go with the #milf~
i'm so mad and sad can i have a cuddle and a shoulder to cry on please
Chad and Ryan totally fucked in the locker room after this.
gel?... GEL? Our options are patches, shots, implants and pills &amp; these weaklings get GEL?!?!?
Instead of just keeping all your shit in one bag, you choose to ride around like this w two separate gram bags You
Name : Esther Egere Age : 14years old Last location seen: RCCG life gate parish, Sangotedo, Ajah, Lagos. She is missing.
Not to sound self-centered but been thru hell the past 4 years and not even so much
facebook has a dating app now so that girl from high school who messages you to join her pyramid scheme once every
i don't care if we at each other's throat all day, you never going to bed upset
you now have to pay for coolmathgames and I have never been more hurt
Thank you for your interest in this position. I'm afraid the fact that you're the only person
me listing all the army's who are actively voting and who's not. PUTANGINA NIYO WAG KAYO MAKIKI CELEBRATE PAG
Can you imagine how much more unhinged the Democrats would become if William Barr called himself President Trump's "Wing
.@KamalaHarris elicited what seemed to me to be a pretty astonishing admission from Barr that neither he nor Rosenstein
So throughout the function we went to today, my younger sis told me the whole story of the season #BreakingBad,
If you're trying to talk to me and I seem a little disconnected, its nothing personal.... I'm just thinking about Nicki
DO YOU SEE THAT SNICKERS? NO, YOU HAVE THE SNICKERSBY THO? SNICKERSBY THO?
She behaved like an effective prosecutor. She's running to be the Democratic nominee. She did phenomenally.
for the life of me I don't understand the msm not calling out the Barr lied and I haven't seen not one
Writing this brought me no joy. I'm sad for our country. via
When I say the bestest boys, you say? #WINNERComingSoon
theyre going to decide which clubs they're joining??? THE KIDS ARE GONNA DECIDE FOR THEMSELVES hozumi: LETS MAKE
"You know something [caller]? You're a 'glass is half empty' type of guy. But when I say 'glass is half empty', I'd
you ever remember the fact that nishinoya and kenma call hinata by his first name and just
Found your dream home? Get the financial help you deserve and start the home buying process in minutes. Talk to
Have you ever heard of a TRAIN
Canada rated #1 in the world for the best quality of life!
How I'm trying to spend my summer nights
*captain America picks up Thor's hammer* The theater:
Learning how to respond to problems in PE when playing a game! #socialemotionalsupport #Physicaleducation #ProudToBeHSD
"what's wrong with you" "nothing, just tired" (: tired of not being good enough, tired of trying, tired of getting
Hurry up &amp; get back home, I miss youuuuu — okayyy
Finally the podcast is out!!! On this episode i had , , and Bernard join me
100%. Complicated by the fact that we have both major &amp; minor collectors. It's very very hard
The letter leaked about Barr‘s conduct is deeply embarrassing- for Bob Mueller Mueller is a partisan hack who wanted to
BC: Why do you repeatedly say that the Withdrawal Agreement is in our national interest, it most obviously isn't?
Kamala Harris and Amy Klobuchar demo'ing what having a prosecutor on stage debating Trump would look like. Harris'
Yes! Today, I was in a bible study meeting at 1 o'clock. I informed all of #BendedKnee and asked them to join in.
Don't be afraid to start over again, this time you're not starting from scratch , you're starting from experience
You have to add "Ariana Grande" for this to qualify as a vote !!!!
"what's wrong with you" "nothing, just tired" (: tired of not being good enough, tired of trying, tired of getting
Would love to see Doctor Strange and Valkyrie be almost butting heads about who should be leading
How I'm trying to spend my summer nights
Someone needs to explain to the public that finding no collusion is as meaningless as finding no
Sometimes you have to under charge to to get ahead, you can always raise your price later, just get the
All you need to know about Lindsey Graham is that in 2016 he said Trump was "crazy" and a "kook" who was "not fit to be
The Champions League. This is the one they want. (via
Nazism is a political philosophy, protected by other parts of the First Amendment. People are
What must it have felt like the moment they realized this was possible?
6 phone bills, 6 wardrobes, 6 mf's to feed at night, 6 proms, 6 cars at 16, 6 college tuitions, 6 hells, and 6 naws
R.I.P. #JohnSingleton Brilliance and Heart. #BoyzNTheHood #PoeticJustice #Babyboy #Shaft2000 #HigherLearning
Had a really productive day...
BREAKING NEWS: The Arkansas Razorbacks will host the UAPB Golden Lions in football in 2021. This will be the first time
exactly!! its also not just the buying/selling of good either, its an opportunity
[A349] Hello You RTx3490! #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
I wish I could love Daddy!
Wait a fucking minute, eggman, THOSE ARENT THE CHAOS EMERALDS
but you didn't lie
Everyone in America can feel the lies #usa #news #muellerreport #truth #answers
I felt like I needed to give her a standing ovation.
On Tuesday at the Plenary,a Katsina senator tried to attack me for ‘always standing up to speak on insecurity,kidnappings
At some point you have to realize that some people can stay in your heart, but not in your life.
The Editorial Board is spot-on: "U.S. military assistance to the Guaidó forces can't be ruled out. A victory for
I've given up too much these past four years to not have it all when I get out. Im going to make it happen
Need a designer to make me a logo I already have it done just need it to be on phone (have it drawn out)
the way jungkook pulled in hobi for a tight hug who else crying
Thank you all for watching the #Borderlands3 Gameplay Reveal Event! The day isn't over yet! Keep watching
just unmute this you loved it #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
One of the main reasons I decided to talk about being pregnant out here in the wilds of the web is...FURY. The moment I
Ibakes, maybe we should worry about more important things than
.@CoryBooker: The Trump campaign shared data with foreign entities. Barr: What data? Booker [flabbergasted]: They shared
Why didn't President Obama do something about Russia in September (before November Election) when told by the FBI?
Kamala Harris got Attorney General William Barr to admit under oath that he cleared Trump of criminal wrongdoing
That's a lovely flamingo. Thanks for sharing. I am looking at human with my big eye in the hope I get extra food! Xxx
My, what big boobies you have!
A former DII hooper thought he could take on WNBA player and daughter of Dee Brown, Lexie Brown... She gave him
just remember i'm always joking unless you're down
We have signed Jamaal Charles to a one-day contract. The 4x Pro Bowler will retire as a Chief. Congratulations on a
Please let do all the questioning from now on.
I like a woman who can kick in Beastmode. My ex's were monsters, that's why I love them.
And I get a free pizza from dominos!! THIS IS WHY I LOVE WEDNESDAY
Another exciting day in human evolution research - for the first time, Denisovan remains have been discovered
Amazon slashes $80 off the awesome, already affordable Ecovacs Deebot N79S robot vacuum by
the sonic movie actually looks good as hell
Those lineups tell me this is probably not going to be a pretty game...
i'm not a big account but can we help this tweet to reach more than 20+ replies and votes so we can give our boys the
I am writing to you to please check this Twitter Id He has started participating in Leftist agenda and write
fOrd is a bully
27.64% of those eligible to sign demanded a by-election. Pretty unprecedented. Brexit-backing Peterborough deserves so
The Met Gala's theme this year is all about camp, and is bound to be its red carpet king.
Is it too late to order a pash for Vegas?
I'd settle for Justice Harris!
This exchange between Cory Booker and William Barr must go viral. Barr refuses to admonish anything Trump has done
I couldn't believe my ears. That was no way for any politician to grandstand. She is a
i was bored and trying to forget how depressed endgame made me so i made a captain america edit set to old town road
You hungry for some TATERS?!
‘Nine times the size of the sun'. Before you start your daily routine inside this little game we play, really try to
Graham Rushes To Barr's Defense After Mazie Hirono's Withering Questions
Miss you...
I'm sorry if I can't keep update about BTS during bbmas bc I'll have class...but if I've chance.. I'll watch live
No this was an account I made when they
send help, i have heard the word cats too many times already
I'm hoping for Come Back Home or Hip Hop Phile
it's not that i don't wanna talk... i just want the space to feel sad and hate everything that's going on.
Well you know what Riot says, grab life (the intern) by the balls and go for a wild ride
FC BARCELONA vs. LIVERPOOL FC STREAMS PLEASE &gt; if you use it, share it. #FCBLIV #Barca
I'm PROUD #BBMAsTopSocial Louis Tomlinson
I'm like both, only certain dc movies but they still count
thank you Argentinian armys!! #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
A Song of Ice And Fire
ice cream truck baby I trap on wheels
*Monsoon delayed* "MODI, YOU PIECE OF SHIT!" *#MasoodAzhar designated global terrorist* "CONGRATS SUSHMA JI!"
Watch: tore Bill Barr a whole new SET of assholes
We have signed Jamaal Charles to a one-day contract. The 4x Pro Bowler will retire as a Chief. Congratulations on a
Oh, just found the tweet. Disappointing
That now applies to the With Trump- they have corrupted ALL THREE BRANCHES of U.S.
Congrats! But not doing the actual chicken head to chingy??? 0/10
the fact that jungkook is taller than hobi but makes himself small so he can fit around him... absolutely devastating
What if Trump said "The earth is flat"? Bad media: "Tonight we have team coverage of the entire flat-earth
BREAKING: AG Barr testified today that "I'm not going to back off the word spying" to describe covert intelligence
Fervent Few member first B-Roll!!!
This is the condition of workers at Ithaafushi Investment owned by Janah. And now he sits on the minimum wage board
dinosaurs 66 million years when they heard the asteroid enter earth
Can you all make this tweet reach 1000 retweets and 200 replies in one hour? Reply below with your favorite pictures,
Less than 30mins left before this voting ends. I just wanna say thank you to all EXOL who voted our dear 9 angels. They
Just sayin that &amp; are excellent &amp; tough questioners &amp; I would love to see either or both of
me: hey can i do something to help my grade? teacher: um...it's May me: sorry, MAY i do something to help my grade
A Goodnighh reaaallyyyyyyyyyy
that's how I'm singin it so beat it buster
#HappyBirthday Your the most lovable person of my life..I am greatful for ur friendship..many many happy returns
what is the point of a final exam ???
Check out what I just added to my closet on Poshmark: Multi color flats. via #shopmycloset
Your friend completely misunderstood the poll and claimed they didn't
Finally, somebody is handing Bill Barr his ass and calling him out for what he is — a LIAR and a stooge for criminal
Hi. I'm from Paraguay and I'm voting BTS for #BBMAsTopSocial
Great Man. R U
Is this audition to become a #megachurch speaker because his argument is off base
Trying to see the good in everyone is fucking me over
MY ART HAS BEEN STOLEN This Peter Dinklage account with more than 4 million followers, is promoting a shop that
AG Barr is quietly, calmly taking the Democrat clowns to the woodshed over and over It's glorious tv
If you see this tweet on your TL, you are obliged to RT it and comment "I Can Do It, You Can Do It, We Can Do It" 3
AG Barr is refusing to look at the totality of the evidence. This is Law School 101! Time to stop covering for the
i got bullied because i am me
Absolutely agree, but the point is how someone else is going to know about it and take any action
Not a fashionable view right now but was an incredibly committed defence sec. I spent a lot of time
Yo I need a whole ass new group of friends/calssmates who trying to actually do things, turn tf up, accomplish goals, and
does your child have reasoning skills | | yes
why me and bob mueller are now homies A THREAD (1/???)
You really are dumb. #DerandgedDonald AMATEUR
Oh you don't think that Dems have anything, huh? I thought that you were a man of the CONSTITUTION.... in all of
I hope you know this flex ain't personal.
The kids who learn how to avoid the distraction of smart phones &amp; leverage the internet to be productive are going to
I'm still waiting for a Dem to look at one of these Trump apologists like #Barr and say, "WHO THE F DO YOU THINK YOU'RE
If this isn't in my future I don't want it
Campus must be easy because you don't go back to the things you studied in the previous term .....eh sorry semester
We all know you be killing it and thrilling it while we feeling it with every word.
Denisovan mandible likely represents the earliest hominin fossil on the Tibetan Plateau. New study in led by
Senator Kampala Harris gave AG Barr the absolute, unadulterated business! #kamalaharris
The most beautiful moment in life pt.1 #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
samuel l jackson fought for every single one of our rights
My boy is now an adult. We love you so much. Happy 18th Birthday to oldest son, aidanrperry! I can't wait to
I hate this shit. How can you pop up to me and then give me dead replies/not reply??? Just fuck off
If you're having a bad day, watch this(:
We could have had Hillary but......you.
I'll walk closer the the window before I switch to Android
WHERE ARE YOU FROM AND WHAT TIME IS IT IN YOUR COUNTRY RN? REPLY YOUR ANSWERS ALONG WITH THE VOTING TAGS~ try to ignore
THIS is the live action Sonic movie that I want.
Time for the Books Of The Month for May 2019... - Things In Jars Think Irish Lady Sherlock
I just dont understand one this, she says it's not the first time dog bit the baby and she still lets the dog
BREAKING: Lindsey Graham, just now at the William Barr hearing: "I can't say I read it all [Mueller report], but I
Thanks for joining me today! Looking forward to releasing the new episode on Friday.
I raised the and recent removal from the West Ox Housing Infrastructure Fund bid at the
Just posted a photo Alice, Eastern Cape
If you can weep over flawed heroes, and have no mercy for yourself, then what have you done that is worse than them? #WednesdayWisdom
I blagged it in - right at the end of it's days compared to the originators from the generation above me - so I
Thank you Ted Cruz for taking the role of hyper testosteroned white male... And scene
men will literally kill you
I want the champions league song to play everytime i enter a room
Well, well, well, if it isn't the consequences of my own actions
I will never stop loving these 4. They're such dorks.
2 True Patriotic Personalities of this Nation. May ALLAH (J) keep you both in his protection. Ameen!
I been falling asleep in movies since 2015. I've just accepted that. Guardians of the
And yes, studying is absolutely a right. Education should never be a privilege.
"The man fired his rifle at Kasal and missed. Kasal shoved his rifle into the man's chest and fired. Then gunfire exploded
also if you got a note that the name was misspelled, wouldn't you CHECK VERY CAREFULLY???
I tried during my flight. Shiro looks so shady ajsjskkas
I wasn't expecting my childhood to appear this way but here we are
Ima sock the shit outta you....
Got that planned for the weekend x
Oh boy are worried or what? Harris, Booker, Hirono, Feinstein, Blumenthal ALL of them are accusing not asking.
when he nuts in me and i don't get pregnant
Venezuela's opposition leader, Juan Guaidó, has asked the military and civilians to rise up against President Nicolás
rt/like if you stan: - tony stark - natasha romanoff - valkyrie - thor - wanda maximoff - doctor strange - gamora - other
then there's all the standing and chopping and stirring and tbh my legs and back start to hurt long before food is remotely edible
No, he couldn't have "pursued" an obstruction charge bc DOJ policy specifically prohibits indictment
Hi sir daily I am following your morning debate it's very nice and
I'll drop $100 on my boo without any hesitation
me: hey can i do something to help my grade? teacher: um...it's May me: sorry, MAY i do something to help my grade
Barr: We have to stop using the criminal justice system as a political weapon
How isn't he is the better Question.....
My friend is sending me this from Tegucigalpa, Honduras. The Catholic Church is hoarding police and they're
Some staff of Ghana Grid Company Limited (GRIDCo) during the May Day parade held placards with inscriptions that
Booker: Polling data was shared. Barr: [confused] With who? This mofo has not read the report.
bro I've never once in my life been craving an apple. "An apple sounds good right now" has never crossed my mind. Me
a rickroll in 2019? nuts.
why did this make me laugh so hard
Exactly!! And you'd think so, lots of people attend when their favorite artists are dealing
When you a real one, You don't care if a mf leave yo life cus at the end of the day you KNOW you played yo part! Solid
My heart and soul is European. It's the reason I went into politics. The levers of change are increasingly international,
No beating around the bush here
It looks like part of the stage maybe gut be detachable... mineable maybe?? #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
Friendships are REALLY the relationships you need to be fighting for and cultivating. We talk about romantic
the algorithm brought me something good today
Shipping out some of this month's custom vans Shoot me a DM if you'd like to get a slot for my May/June projects:)
Mickey Mouse is a character from Disney! PS: We hate such comments, JUST joking. ^^ #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
taehyung i love you the most
There is a Tweep that shakes the stability of your relationship by Just looking at their Picture. Mention them, I
We understand that a partner who forces you to wear certain clothes or a certain hairstyle is engaging in abusive
When she finally shut the fuck up
India's diplomacy succeeds in making the global community declare Masood Azhar a terrorist. The untiring effort of
A selection of dollar store Not-formers
Whomever wins for the dems should have her lined up to be AG.
the reason why F:NV's extensive use of western trappings overlaps fine with the imagery of vegas is because the golden age
Original rental vhs artwork of the horror film #TheProwler released internationally as #RosemarysKiller starring Farley
[A346] Some CBX fun to lighten up the voting mood!! &lt;3 RTx3460! #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
Here's something that school didn't teach you kids.
I love how those interviewers didn't get it lmaooo
I loved nearly every moment in Game of Thrones S8E3, but how The White Walkers were handled.. that's too glaring
I wish the jailbreak wasn't detected by Pokémon Go lol with the jailbreak active it
I once broke up with a girl because she clapped when our plane landed.
just remember i'm always joking unless you're down
and i thank you HAHAH
All you need to know about Lindsey Graham is that in 2016 he said Trump was "crazy" and a "kook" who was "not fit to be
What would be a good material to bring if someone wants to get a sketch? I'm just
No matter how bad it hurts, or how difficult it is to let go, you have to let go and move forward. Trust that new
ok i'll wait till 20:50 OR 21:00 i'm not a weak bitcj
when your house is haunted and you find out it's a female spirit
Ramsey liit to liit nyathi jomoko to ok chuer remo... All the best at Juventus. Thank you for the memories.
where i'm at in life is good but i could've been so much further down the road had i not been focusing on the wrong things....
Is he the Irish Farage?
What if the tension you're feeling w/ family, coworkers, friends or politicians could be 90% resolved through prayer?
every night before i sleep i always think about you— how your eyes beam every time you look at me like i am the
"Money money eh, ego o owo o"... Am not too sure I can make it.
Eight years ago today, Seal Team Six launched their raid into Pakistan. They would ultimately kill Osama Bin Laden and
I think boys took it literal when the spice girls said "if you wanna be my lover you gotta get with my friends"
Riley Howell, one of the victims killed in the UNCC shooting, has been hailed as hero for jumping on the shooter to save
THE POO-SMELLING BY THE NEXT YOUR NOT OIL WITH HAVE NOT IS BLARINGLY CRISPY LUV 2 ARREST DOH-NUT AT THE END IN
The Venezuela opposition is fascist.
If this picture doesn't come up on your tl every month and someone quotes it that the oxygen there crisp as fuck, you're
I hate dealing with unmotivated people
I'm on live tryna bag Mizz Twerk Sum spread the love
Am I not enough?
Everyday i have to read my header to make it through the day
And now we're down to 1 hour left of voting! ARMYs thank you for voting with us as always. You all worked hard until
Now that Krillin is getting wraped up, i started development on my next Z2 character, Launch! This is how she will
Sixty-four: Swear I'm gonna make you proud #BBMAsTopSocial Louis Tomlinson
Looking good from every angle! Check out the back of our new jersey - as modelled by
The day is finally here. No more transfers or additional fees to ride both DDOT and Don't forget you also
633D1F74 :Battle ID I need backup! Lvl 120 Avatar
Candidate Trump's picking a fight with Biden. Democrats are upset about AG Barr. But keep focus: The Mueller report lays
U ever paying attention in class and still be completely lost bc same
Every day, feel thankful for how great life is. Appreciate your beauty - your soul, your body and all. Life is what you make
„My personality is who I am and my attitude depends on who you are."
I just voted for BTS for #BBMAsTopSocial at the 2019 Billboard Music Awards. RT to vote too! Yesss
I'm not trying to "tell" anyone how to be. Im just stating things I've seen in my journey that are short term and
Another ho-hum great read by the one and only
Trying to keep all your lies straight is a daunting task for #Barr, Trump &amp; their
my tweet from this morning was lowkey a joke !!! i didn't think so many people would like/rt it so many
Blumenthal on the ongoing investigations: You can't recall whether you have discussed those cases with anyone in the a
Never stop being a good person because of bad people
Am I the only one that sees his name as "molester"?
does your child have reasoning skills | | yes
I chugged my antidepressant with my iced coffee today and I feel so powerful someone fuck with me. I will end u
SPOILER!! . . isn't it ironic how 2012 loki just took the tesseract and literally went off while iw loki could've done the
Booker: Polling data was shared. Barr: [confused] With who? This mofo has not read the report.
when you get fox news angry, youre doing it right
Q: After the tour, will you rest? BTS: No Namjoon: We can rest when we go to the grave [laughs] No rest, payback for
Totally misleading again: Barr says he "effectively overruled" Special Counsel regulations by making Report public. No
Last time u ask of something, that "if Ur given 400k what will you put it into" I guess or "...which
Don't forget! Just Follow, Fav + Retweet for a chance to win a Bagpuss nodge-grooming Captive Rhubarb Brownie -
how the fuck are these people still working in our government?
Do you like to plan things out or be spontaneous? — Spontaneous alaji

Ppl bein like „just take a day off to see your favs" when there are jobs out there where you cant just take two
I should have tagged moominmama in this too can u tell I'm super scatterbrained today
Stay strong, Our best wishes for a quick and complete recovery
Big weekend coming up for the
Prob best I have ever watched at balancing a horse and judgement of pace.....Cheltenham will miss
It's what Kamala Harris does best. She uses your own words against you. Turns them just a quarter of an inch back around
Sino nga naman ako diba ? No one Appreciate the Things that I've done for them.
#Where is georgia located ^ #Video #Where #is #georgia #located Where is georgia located The
Trump's campaign manager says the president was sent by God to save the country.
BBMAs it's tonight! Are you ready for performance? Watch live on #BBMAsTopSocial
actually me
Thanks xD I chose that one after seeing some horny art of Keith's nipples so I had to cause it was

Drivers licenses — a rallying cry for immigrants
When life make you short cheat a bit on it
Meet the developers who are investing in the inner city! 24 developments, approx 10 000 jobs to be created, project
When you're filling up your glass with Fanta at Nandos, even though you ordered water, and one of the waiters asks to see
AG Barr is refusing to look at the totality of the evidence. This is Law School 101! Time to stop covering for the
Thank you to all the fans, friends, teammates and family who have supported me. I am Blessed.
you are my happiness.
lol. Really hard for Bill Barr to say that having your volunteer campaign chair on the payroll of a Russian oligarch is a
The book trailer for Damaged Beyond All Recognition:
We are all Cory Booker's eyebrows while watching go in for the kill with these questions. Incredible.
CHI: 2.716 million people MKE: 595,351 thousand people CHI is literally 4.5 times bigger than MKE. 2019 attendance avg
Hawkeye: Hey, I know you! Nebula: Father, I have the stones. Hawkeye:
It's National College Decision Day and I couldn't be prouder of the decision my son made! Welcome to the
WOW: Barr just admitted that he never looked at the underlying evidence for the Mueller report. So how in the world could he
Having a strict parent made me do a lot of stupid shit on the low
Kamala Harris got Attorney General William Barr to admit under oath that he cleared Trump of criminal wrongdoing
Thanks hannah! I'm hoping I will get into a routine and it should settle down x
telling us the latest news about at the #coops + #opensource event
&lt; BBMA &gt; If you would dedicate one song for CHEN, what song will it be? 1 Retweet = 1 Vote 1 Reply = 1 Vote* *reply with
.@thecurthawkins &amp; I made our main roster debuts exactly 12 years ago. Time flies when you're living the dream.
I miss this showwww
my therapist: are you sad? me:
No to damaging Tory Brexit, yes to damaging Labour Brexit: is that the message, Len?
You call that questioning? She is a disgrace to this country! Also you lose!
FLOOR ALERT: House Democrats just BLOCKED an opportunity to consider their radical #GreenNewDeal on the floor. Maybe
.@maziehirono is only sixty seconds into her cross examination period &amp; I'm already giving her a standing ovation.
.@KamalaHarris elicited what seemed to me to be a pretty astonishing admission from Barr that neither he nor Rosenstein
Some of you need to understand that "you're very irrelevant #3GIsGreat4GIsBetter
OMG I LOVE THIS MOVIE SO MUCH
lemme drive the boat
What makes all these Mateo Messi pictures so good is that you could sense that he realizes that his father in Lionel Messi
You either want me or you don't. There isn't, in the middle. Don't waste my time.
hi hello I wanna make more friends pls dm me if you would like to or let me know :-)
why'd they make hulk a fuckboi
Ok. So 6 episode season. 2 build up episodes before the battle of Winterfell. Sunday's episode is probably a buildup
Excited to talk about early iliac vein stenting in adolescents with #MayThurner Syndrome at #SPR19 on Thursday
Nothing should surprise us by now. Still, the lengths to which Barr has gone to undermine, whitewash and diminish effect
Go ahead and cheer. You need to cheer. But keep in mind what Harris did is hugely consequential. She bankrupted Barr's
Universe for you xd #BBMAsTopSocial EXO #BBMAs
Y'all can talk bad about cops all you want, but they're literally running full speed into a place with an active
Not shocking , just an exemplary cross examination during a vital hearing for bringing out the truth. I
#NEW: Former FBI Director James Comey publishes an op-ed in the NYT, describing Attorney General William Barr and
Check out who is in the play pen today! Stop by and say hi to babies, Skye and Ollie. YOU are a large part of
Joe is doing gallery later I believe
Ooo i might then!
WHO I AM #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
Where you seeing this? Dont let me down please.
Do you know what I am saying
following Kotaku on Twitter so i can reply "nice clickbait" the instant each article is posted
if you're a slut for iced coffee and saving the environment (like me), Starbucks is selling a reusable color changing
Happy new month to you too my guy...Top guy !!!
18 years ago today, Ray J drops "Wait A Minute" ft. Lil Kim &amp; Pharrell produced by The Neptunes.
You're still a god damn hero. Gonna throw up a link to for any US or CA
You did not have "none of the above".
Fab ideas from the P6s at St Joseph's Primary on how to design for a #circulareconomy. Thanks
WOW! Senator Kamala Harris just demolished William Barr! This is a must watch! Thank you You are
I'm voting for BTS for #BBMAsTopSocial ( ) dd
Memo to Judiciary Committee members: Stop arguing with the attorney general about whether the president's conduct
If i had a dick the first thing i'd do is put a donut around it
you simply make everything better
but this is the type of shit y'all choose to support on youtube. no comment
I approveee
Bitches just get dumber and dumber everyday, I'm bitches.
Deny till Dead is real. DoD and VA medical abuse is real. Veterans are commiting suicide because of the many unwarranted
100% Correct. Texas blue in 2020
when you realise there is another two bank holidays this month
When I tell I fucking HOWLED LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Wow—Barr just now: "I have been told during the break that a lesser kind of briefing, a security briefing that
It's not even saying to win the set. They just want to play, maybe check knowledge, maybe check
The only reason I brought it up is because he got hate before. That's not me doubting him that's me not
I see you and I am proud of you! Damn good job
everyone go subscribe to he 50 away from 2 million and when he hit 1 million
Hirono: Mr. Attorney General, give us some credit for knowing what the hell is really going on around here with
I Could Listen To Kamala Harris RIP Barr A New Asshole All. Damn. Day.
Men literally murder women for rejecting them. And that's the end of your little experiment.
I'm so ashamed he is Canadian. What an asshole.
We have signed Jamaal Charles to a one-day contract. The 4x Pro Bowler will retire as a Chief. Congratulations on a
Big,small, all join together. Masood Azhar designated as a terrorist in Sanctions list Grateful to all for
YOU'RE BAAAACK OMG HUGS
I need a fucking break, I can't deal with everything
#VindicationCelebration- diGenova: AG Barr released the entire Russia report, except the portions that the law prohibits.
WE DID IT! Thanks to pressure from the Labour Party, the UK just became the first country to declare an environment and
My boy ! I hope you reflecting on this journey too. From ATL to two of the biggest markets in the world in just ONE
In this life. Nobody give a fuck bout u. So u better give a fuck bout yaself. The end.
I'm tired of not having anyone to talk to I'm just.. so sick of my parents
Be bullied is not funny at all. I'll start by saying that. However using Velcro to hold back your cousins ears
P was 28 in 2001 when the neptunes started taking off foreal ,we all still got time ...
the caption: "solid 14KT white gold vvs diamonds &amp; pink sapphire tennis bracelets made completely custom with
Meet 2 of our April puppy girls. The people who brought them to us told us that their mum was a Bulldog/Beagle
Ahead of their #BBMAs performance, Halsey gifted the boys of BTS with friendship bracelets #BillboardNews
If you see this tweet, STOP SCROLLING, &amp; take a minute to look at all of their genuine smiles when they won the top
I just voted for BTS for #BBMAsTopSocial at the 2019 Billboard Music Awards. RT to vote too!
"wHY YoU AcTiNg DIfFErEnT" I saw some shit that you did that i dont like
do you ever miss someone and want to tell them you miss them but don't because you know they're fine without you
If Dems across the country aren't utterly appalled by the grandstanding Dem Senators all but whipping AG Bill Barr
and the other girls?
We've received a new comment about a call coming from 587 937 5291. See more info here:
thank u
I still care about my grades but have no motivation to do any type of work. Send help
If Williamson sticks to his guns, May is going to come under enormous pressure to provide the proof. "This matter is
Barr's lies are so extreme that just had to cut in AGAIN to fact check. "I'm not going to dance
LMFAOOOOOO
.@KamalaHarris should ask all the questions at all the hearings
outch
Watching AG William Barr: I Don't Know Whether Bob Mueller Supported My Conclusion
So when is Jongdae going to give us the rock cover we deserve #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
Mr. Cummins and Adam shift have been Misrepresenting anything that was in the Mueller report
Me fighting the urge to say some smart ass shit
They still don't have any dialogue from the club though and are still in the dark is that not the
are you watching tonight's match?
What the hell, Lindsey??
So there's now an artificial range of biometric normality female athletes must conform to—or else they're forced to
i love exo so much!! #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
He just said that Barr has been subject to the "Kavanaugh treatment"... are you f-ing kidding me!?
Walking through Naples I was impressed from the many examples of street art. They are so amazing! The most
Thank u !!!
.@KamalaHarris elicited what seemed to me to be a pretty astonishing admission from Barr that neither he nor Rosenstein
a great day to be Alive
White people dont get arrested for rape, drugs, selling lemonade on the side of the road etc, but as soon as a white
Taxpayers should demand these Trump-hating, Barr bashing Democrats repay their salaries. This Barr hearing is a
Lilo and Stitch has been on my mind lately and I forgot how hard Hawaiian Roller Coaster Ride slaps
A black hole bigger than the sun is pulling on the fabric of space and time
that's the most ‘dad' phone case EVER
I'm the Kendall of my family
Attorney General Barr should resign. He misled the American people with his inaccurate summary of Mueller's report.
jooheon: i'm honestly not lying but there's about 5000 comments saying that i'm cute right now jooheon: i know that
Vote for BTS at the BBMAs 2019 for Top Social Artist Award! #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
I'm gravely concerned that the 14 criminal referrals from Special Counsel Mueller related to the investigation are
a mood
North Myrtle Beach is the place to go in the Grand Strand. I know whereof I speak.
Kamala Harris and Amy Klobuchar demo'ing what having a prosecutor on stage debating Trump would look like. Harris'
Reason # 562 why I'm gay af jesus CHRIST
A senile old man who can't recall anything has hired another senile old man who can't recall anything. Hmmm.
You are a very bright young man.
You've got a new review. This isn't your usual level of service. You know you can do
Thousands of Jews storm the to display their disgust in the anti Semitic cartoon the publication used of
The folks at Hatch Magazine kick the tires on the new Clearwater Outfits.
A mere 19 minutes later, Liverpool fans were in fact "moved" by Spanish Police.
this how dads look when someone comes to their house that they've never seen before
I have 1 question. How did you learn to love yourself?
ArcGIS Blog: Community Map Contributors Update the ArcGIS Living Atlas of the World
I ain't snitching but I'm not taking the charge either
They both wanted the apple #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
But the sick bus driver who raped a 14 y/o gets no prison time???? Y'all have me fucked up
Barr is once again gaslighting in front of Congress. By claiming that he had a "responsibility" to determine whether
Me driving back home knowing that I failed my exam but I can now enjoy my summer
I work and get my own money, yet have parents who still give me stuff, not cause I ask but because that's how they have
I'm ready
Violent pro-#maduroregime ‘colectivo' gangs organizing to carry out attacks today on civilian protests in #Venezuela
I will design your Dream Logo please check this
sorry but "so which path will you take cause we both know a break does exactly what it says on the tin" is SUCH a solid
If you see this tweet on your TL, you are obliged to RT it and comment " I love EXO" 3 times, each in a seperate tweet! Let
i used to go 5 days but ima start off tryna go 3 days out the week
I can't handle it.
Open for a surprise.
Kamala Harris flip flop hypocrisy. Now all of sudden Dems are worried about Rosenstein's conflict of interest when
Leaving the hearing room after questioning AG William Barr: Q: Should he resign? : "Yes." *walks away*
do you take any amino acids?
Happy Labor Day! Pag may tiyaga, may nilaga. (If you persevere, you will reap the fruits of your labor.) -Filipino
The choices I make are very sound,well thought out! I stand strong,no matter what I enounter on my
I can't stop watching this. That knife switch is clean! #GameOfThrones
If we're dating: • please don't stop sending me selfies • please don't sleep angry at me • never be afraid to ask questions
So #MarvelousMrsMaisel might be losing one of their locations: The vacant diner that's used as the Stage Deli
You're so different and cool
Imagine reading a book that is 22 chapters long and skipping to the 22nd chapter and complaining that the 22nd chapter didn't
#ThingsIveWornAttendingABirth. Anyone can do it in scrubs
The fact that we are all corruptable, so the smaller the group, the less potential damage they can do.
at around north industrial area traffic light, i was in a Taxi a guy looked at me i think he liked me but his
With advances in medicine, you won't hit your true middle age for 15 or 20 years--do you want to feel
I hope Arya Stark inspires more young girls to become assassins. #GameOfThrones
if i was my crush, i would simply go out with me
The Democratic women on this committee came to prosecute not to play. William Barr is having a tough time with them.
Pls follow me, my account need 1 more follower to count as a vote #BBMAsAcheivement Ariana Grande
This is a very sad day. Jacks brother informed me earlier today after I found him on Facebook that Jack had passed
We have kindly been given some places for awards night on 13 May and we'd like to offer them to our
Plus... The stuff following this surgery is an insane amount of work to make
Thanos: *Making breakfast* The Avengers:
The decommissioning of the Truman was first proposed Trump administration.
I follow back MAGA On their way to Italy, 15 Muslims killed 12 Christian refugees. They threw them overboard.
You're mentally retarded I just really struggled to say mine that way
Thank you every1. You really showed up for the boys this week. You showed what ARMY can do. You showed that you are here
Whoa whoa whoa, what? I did not know that people didn't have this ??? I'm SHOCKED
Tired of being smugly asked what's the alternative to Modi, as if there's no answer. My answer is Rahul Gandhi &amp; I wish
It's a tie between these 3 XD "Whatever life holds in store for me, I will never forget these words:
From Barr testimony for am: "We concluded that the evidence developed during the Special Counsel's investigation is not
Ummm....WHY are Democrats STUCK on the contents of Barr's 4-pg. summary, now that the ENTIRE report has been out for 3 weeks?
Dear Dems: will be holding a clinic on how to ask questions today. Be there. #BarrHearing
Some people cut you off because they couldn't handle the weight of a Kings kid. Don't be discouraged it was all in God's plan.
How niggas treat the baby that they told the bitch to abort
Yes! Get ready for the aspirin and donuts diet!
My sociology professor keeps an alphabetic list of new slang terms he learns from students and I will never get over it
PLEASE THEY FINALLY HAVE A SET UP IM SO HAPPY #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
.@KamalaHarris elicited what seemed to me to be a pretty astonishing admission from Barr that neither he nor Rosenstein
56" Chowkidar got so scared of a Jawan contesting him in Varanasi that he got his lapdog to reject his nomination paper!
I'LL SHOW YOU #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
Only a few minutes left until voting closes! RT and reply with the voting hts! #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
How any firefighter in NY can support any Dem is disgusting after DiBlasio went to the G2 last year to rip
Secret Service guarded the door to the bar at Mar-a-Lago, preventing the bartender from returning while Trump
see that ponytail too tight she's not thinking straight
That's major. So glad this is going to happen.
Burn your bra and join the revolution! (51 Photos)
I forgot my merder I'm so sorry so much couples lol . Who is the best greys couple ?
The employees that work with me and are critical to

Dear I request you to take time out &amp; help the youth of India. Stocks don't excite them
Transport for London has a new traffic reporter that is earning fans for its unique ability to get a bird's eye view of the
Open for a surprise.
Every time a Republican Senator disparages the .@FBI, a Kremlin spy gets his wings.
me looking at the bouncer after handing over an ID that isn't me
Idgaf if yall tired of these lol, open for a mf surprise
*nas fanfics baby and daddy* baby: a daddy:
"I think the American people have seen that you are biased, and that's your conflict of interest." to
You never really know yourself until you experience something you never thought you would go through.
Thank u #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
This man buttered his bread like he was greasing a scalp LMFBOOOO SEND HLP
Todays defence Van Dijk and Gomez is a strong move for liverpool FC..
City #medhat congratulates Brenda Gantz, the winner of the $500 gift card in the e-Billing Earth Day draw. Brenda
nobody has ever went as hard for me as i went for them
Writing this brought me no joy. I'm sad for our country. via
ANYBODY: You so mean...this why I don't fool with ... ME:
Bach in the rain
Imagine the plot of the sonic movie but instead it's the fbi trying to take down this little tiny fast boy.
As construction on the Obama Presidential Center faces delays, panel of representatives discussed the relationships
WOW! Senator Kamala Harris just demolished William Barr! This is a must watch! Thank you You are
tony stark, iron man, howard potts
Yes I really wrote over my picture. 15 more minutes I want every single Army online voting now! #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
Someone "using the n-word" is enough to get them smeared, regardless of the context. It is apparently never ever
sleep is for the weak
when your so excited for something &amp; it doesn't even happen is the worst
A jew addresses another jew about the Syrian refugee crisis. Crisis caused by other jews directing America foreign policy,
The calm before the storm...
Before voting ends, we want to thank all EXO-Ls! Good or bad we're always in this together. We are here for one main reason,
This is really a job for Trina
Barr's lies are so extreme that just had to cut in AGAIN to fact check. "I'm not going to dance
Time to be stealthy. Sneak into the v8.51 update tomorrow, May 2 at 5 AM ET(0900 UTC). There will be no downtime but
Be with someone who constantly makes you roll your eyes but makes you smile right after
I've reached perfect balance and I want to savor this moment. Also, I tweet way too much.
I need that full version stat
Cheryl Martin Partner at talks to us about the importance of diversity.
Captain America in the next avengers
yea i got the 3DS one too
Maybe she's fucking going to get a free mammogram or Pap smear because she doesn't have health insurance? Maybe she's
I-694 WB: Vehicle spun out from Victoria Street to Exit 45 - Rice Street (near Shoreview).
I think it's important to realize you can miss something, but not want it back.
I saw this on fb and it made me so mad. IF SOMEONE MAKES THE DECISION TO HAVE AN ABORTION, THAT IS THEIR CHOICE, NOT YOURS.
Lying to Congress is a crime. Impeach him now. William Barr is in deep trouble
You gave me the best of me So you'll give you the best of you #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
Just spoke with Sen. Richard Blumenthal, who says "a lot of remedies need to be on the table" for congressional
Almost everyone in line for BBMAS is an ARMY... this is literally going to be a BTS concert
After a lot of talking last night I'm even more sad today because one of our mutual friends said we'd be a
I do have a new lip gloss lipstick out it'll be purple
Let's see if I got this right Barr admits Trump campaign was briefed on threat fm Russia, Trump campaign not only had 235
Might!? You been ready
Episode 438 with is now live! She's got a new film out called - which premiered
&lt; BBMA &gt; If you would dedicate one song for CHANYEOL, what song will it be? 1 Retweet = 1 Vote 1 Reply = 1 Vote* *reply
taekook being happy and giddy after they found out they're on the same team
It was.
Have said anything about what the police have said that there is no evidence of this being a sectarian or
Today the House voted to block Trump from pulling out of the Paris Agreement. This one step in a long journey to combat the
What? You clearly have no understanding of what's going on. He said Hillary's records would show the
Fulfilling promises to scared white voters, to implement cruel policies towards minorities.
Brava! This is a prosecutor determined to get As to
braids aren't worn by black people as a "trendy style." they're a
To kick off this new account, I feel like doing a giveaway. I am giving away a Baker Color Rush Jersey in either S,
[!]Tommorow is last day for vote bbma ARE YOU DONE VOTE EXO IN TWITTER?? IF NOT, YOU JUST RT &amp; REPLAY THIS TL DONT
me: hey can i do something to help my grade? teacher: um...it's May me: sorry, MAY i do something to help my grade
Not a big acc but I'm hoping that if u see this tweet u must RT and QUOTE TWEET or REPLY with the hashtag
Lmaooo I'm just tryna warn them. He must've had somewhere important to be
I'm not you two niggas ion lie bout shit like that I tell ya what let us be at a
The best unreleased, humm TASTE #BBMAsAcheivement Lady Gaga &amp; Bradley Cooper
Why overthink when you can over drink
A student of IMM died last 2 months ago Reason was, on his B-Day, b'day bumps were given by friends.. Next day he had
One of the arguments they mentioned kutsi some friends never say anything nice or rather they always find fault! Batsi
I miss the steers in Hatfield that opens 24hrs . These ones think they're rich
she can't even survive one hour without yoojung how is she suddenly going to leave the group that she loves to death behind
And once again I disappoint myself and everyone around me. I give up.
If this were true then the incentive to obstruct an investigation would be virtually
College made me realize don't get too attached ... u can go from fw somebody everyday to walking pass each other like
can someone fight with me outside in the rain and then run after me and call my name? PLEASE
I don't know the full details about #Venezuela but I do know 1. Chavez and then Maduro have hugely helped the poor who
i wanna stay in these days Rt to vote for Louis Tomlinson for #BBMAsTopSocial
I have a feeling Liverpool will show Barcelona pepper today.
It never ceases to amaze that in a legislative body overflowing with trained lawyers, so few of them know how to ask
F**k you with your graphics work idiot fellow You think I can't make it without you alaye graphics design When I
&lt; BBMA &gt; Name all the songs included in 'Hey Mama!' EP! 1 Retweet = 1 Vote 1 Reply = 1 Vote* *reply with voting hashtag
tony stark, iron man, howard potts
The Little Windmill at Gennevilliers, 1875 #morisot #impressionism
Dem: Don't you think that's obstruction? Barr: No. Dem: 'BUT DON'T YOU THINK THAT'S OBSTRUCTION?' Barr: No. *legal
Why didn't President Obama do something about Russia in September (before November Election) when told by the FBI?
"Lord have mercy how do you y'all handle it here. I like the country." I swear she put about 5 syllables in the word "country."
CALLING THE 19.5M FOLLOWERS OF BTS AND TO ALL THE ARMYS AROUND THE WORLD, WE NEED YOUR HELP TO VOTE IF YOU SEE THIS
The Unions have become Corporations representing themselves, Our President represents the people. #MAGA
1485 RT for vote! Guess the song Oh so Beautiful and I just gotta let you know, girl. to me, to me. #BBMAsTopSocial
Jon is only anti-kids cuz he thinks he's a bastard. I think once he realizes he's not he'll be fine with having kids.
You haven't read the report obviously
Mueller never said that Barr misrepresented his Rapport. He said that the media did. He made it very clear that Barr
Welcome to the world of idol fandom, Sari.
How can we support? Lauren sums it up: Give us opportunity. Invite us into the room when you are making decisions. And
If you like carry support of the incompetent, clueless &amp; inept Muhammadu Buhari on your head. Be his number one
LESS THAN A HOUR LEFT!!!! IF YOU SAW THIS TWEET YOU ARE OBLIGATED TO RT AND REPLY TO THIS TWEET
I WaS iN ThE hOlOcAuSt BeFoRe iT WaS CoOL
This man buttered his bread like he was greasing a scalp LMFBOOOO SEND HLP
It's gonna be a lot of fun and you won't find an opportunity to go to Comic Con for $10 anywhere else. Sign up while there is still time
Name any exo song/s that hypes you whenever you hear it. #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
Donald Trump isn't king, and no one is above the law. We know Barr's deceptive "summary" was intended to protect the man in
Just a little perspective: When is justice Clarence Thomas going to apologize to Anita Hill?
That's one of the most amazing wins/results/upsets I've seen in a long time on a tennis court.. Well done to cam norrie
I'm starting to worry about Wittes and the Lawfare crowd. I sense desperation.
Barr just admitted he did not look at the evidence in the Mueller report. Nor did Rosenstein. Nor did anyone in the
A girl has a name. Everything that happened to her leads to THAT scene. The girl is Arya Stark of Winterfell.
When you can't afford the chiropractor
Now do Russia
RT for a chance to win this flawless #MK11 custom console by and Sub-Zero inspired kicks by Under Armour and Dennis
Statement on behalf of the Vancouver Canucks
We are back and here to help women in need. If you are thinking of, or going through a divorce and need some
Thank you for the welcome Harry.
WIDEN THE GAP BTS #BBMAsTopSocial
Avengers The Final Host is so good.
It's a shame most politicians don't get any help crafting questions that, like you
Hi,i am a student at kabarak university. School resumes today and my father does not have money to pay for my
silent auction. Place your bid NOW! All proceeds go to LOBO art students pursuing a degree in the
Why are you televising Cruz's speech? Since when did he get uninterrupted air time? #DoBetter
My hair looks so good wtfff I haven't washed it in like a week lol
I love this Game!!!!!
Raise your hand if Attorney General Barr should resign or get impeached. Retweet if you agree.
Chicken Soup for the Stable Soul
One day,I include in these I hold lightstick wave silver ocean #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
While other ladies were busy with abortion and still didn't get degrees,She remained strong ,kept her baby and
BLOODY HELL - Defence Secretary Gavin Williamson sacked over the Huawei leak. The Private Pike's ego far exceeded his
Thank, You all do a great job at Social Media team. Maybe if there an opening, I can transfer to your department!
it's 2am and i woke up just to tweet this hHH we're in our final hour !! everybody keep it up for just a little bit longer
was the correct one in that case... kamala showed the fool she is...
Every time I get on a plane and I'm First Class, I always get asked "Are you sure you're 1st" "Let me see your ticket"
I need that full service on the challenger . Who's the best in town?
Last night I used a hotwater bottle for the first time. You may tell old age not to come for me, I'll do his work from here
i have 4 different accounts rn i'm thmdktjak
Why is it that whenever Senator Cruz speaks, I think I'm being punished for something?
If you have daughters, nieces or granddaughters that may enjoy a free tester golf session please sign up for this
Yeah I know that feeling, didnt sleep mu h last night and I have a long day ahead of me
This girl was said to have been brutalized by the Divisional Police Officer in the suburb of Lagos. The policeman
LADIES your education,career and money will never wake up one day and decide to leave you.
My hips are permanently wider than before I had my second daughter. And my thighs
wrong account i think
EXCLUSIVE: CRASHES our backstage interview with at the #BBMAs to talk #BoyWithLuv and their exciting
Check out what I just added to my closet on Poshmark: 5CTW Radiant Cut Past,Present, Future
VIDEO OF THE DAY Sen. Mazie Hirono to Barr: "You should resign."
YG came out to BPT at coachcella and these crackers ain't do what they was supposed to do. I would've lost my fucking mind.
David Bowie as League One football teams: a thread. Burton Albion
she would eat the met gala
"Hope deferred maketh the heart sick: but [when] the desire cometh, [it is] a tree of life." ~Proverbs 13:12 #Bible #God #Wisdom
We welcome the United Nation's decision to designate JEM chief Masood Azhar as a global terrorist. China finally
Barr: "I don't think the word ‘spying' has any negative connotation at all." Merriam-Webster's first definition of "spy"
That was fascinating, folks. Thanks to one and
what you see taehyung ahh #BBMAsTopSocial BTS #BBMAs
Kids be 10-17 cussing with they parents.. Chile around that age I couldn't even say " lying ". I was saying " story
it's the bbmas. bts are standing in their ending poses for bwl. all of a sudden you hear the opening beat of dionysus. your
.@CharlesBarron12 is always a champion for our schools!
Not gonna lie I liked the 4 person crew
ok but who the fuck drew eyebrows on him LMAOOOO
A president can (indeed *must*) be impeached for being compromised by a hostile power (and thus a threat to national
Type "BTS are my" and tap the middle word on your keyboard. Don't forget the hashtag! #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
Daddy says show me that cock! Post your dick pic in the comments below!! I'll retweet them all!
my driving abilities keep getting progressively worse, I almost die like twice every time I go somewhere
No it's not. The Venus Project gets into all kinds of historical
And now we're down to 1 hour left of voting! ARMYs thank you for voting with us as always. You all worked hard until
Elizabeth Warren: With a 2% wealth tax we can fund universal child care, universal college, end student debt, and still
Aside from why people would want to do such a thing, what we call signature and what is eminently narratological,
Is it me but this hearing is bizarre. Since when is the AG suppose to agree with all of the Republicans
Look at the line-up for tonight! Wow! My last vote for my boys before getting into meetings. RT to vote!
I can't imagine what you must be feeling right now, but I want you to know that we are here for you bhai.
Police literally had to escort me and 3 other girls out the building because the shooting I'm still so shook alhamdulliah
gamora getting ready to give the gays everything we want
FUCK YOU COFFEE
Cruz is very effectively torching the grandstanding Democrats here.
Bro don't waste your time on this STUPID Guy.. He only seeking for attention but let's shun him after all he only
I haven't slept like this since before the 2016 election
but understanding exactly what you're representing. (i.e. a brand with good morals). Knowing
So this random old lady i was sitting next to on my flight was staring at my phone the whole time so i had to catch her
Ted Cruz is claiming that "Russia" has barely been mentioned today. Has he actually been watching? Can someone get
Was the leak criminal?
"No Deal is better than a Bad Deal. When I made that reference I was talking in the abstract... we are no longer
[buying $60 worth of bullshit at the pharmacy] cashier: would you like to donate to children in poverty me: no
i went back to eat their once this semester and they really haven't improved at all lmao i hated eating there
"Umm.....Okay? I mean, you can TRY to catch me, I suppose?"
I'm so sick of being sick and tired. The only thing stopping us from saving 40,000 lives annually isn't people caring
Umm it was Mueller who looked at the evidence and found no collusion
I'm at in Samsun
White toe nail polish is for bitches in high school. Grown women do all kinds of colors, don't let these men on twitter
Lots of #RSE &amp; #HealthEd CPD &amp; training opportunities planned over the next year, helping both #primary &amp; #secondary
today's horoscope: you still a bitch
Yes he does... Why in the hell do they always have to bring up Sec. Clinton. Are they that stooped..
this was actually a working title for Harry Potter and the Cursed Child
Kamala Harris got Attorney General William Barr to admit under oath that he cleared Trump of criminal wrongdoing
you tryna make an edit of this?
This white girl next to me I swear leaves for an hour and a half each day. Let my Black ass be gone that long.
My friends became brothers due to their loyalty. I can't wait to get on so my team can win forever. This mindset only
Democrats in Congress say their "SOLE FOCUS" is making sure President Trump "does not win re-election." No wonder
I win in the heart of friendship
Just dropped my phone in town and iphara picked it up and gave it back to the me and said: "It's a Workers Day, a public
I don't know who needs to hear this, but the friend who always knows every negative thing someone else said about you &amp;
stop. i feel the exact same way about you. you're so good and such a light twitter just wouldn't
Why on earth would people vote for a party that ignored there vote ?
LETS MASS VOTE! JUST A FEW MORE MINUTES TILL THE VOTING ENDS! MAKE SURE TO RT THIS USING THE TAGS BELOW AND DONT
Can i choose this?? #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
[A347] MEME time! Sorry, i can't do serious anymore! ^.^ RTx3470! #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
I love spending my time on #cam with a great guy! Are you one? #online #wet # lovense #amazing
I've never felt so sick to my stomach while watching something. abortion is NOT murder and blatantly lying to try to
LMFAO
The Crystal Empire - Part 2
Thread: Barr testifies before the
55) Bill Barr is already throwing Rod Rosenstein under the bus, and it's still only 2:30pm.
5 jobs I've had: 1) =INDEX MATCH 2) =VLOOKUP 3) =COUNT 4) TEXTING NELLY 5) =IF
Thank you to everyone that went to see #Endgame is weekend, reminding us how great it is to watch movies with others.
Why is it, it's clear, if they get elected and
Candles lit and Kaddish recited for Manya Brik and Khana Sagalovich. May their memories be a blessing. #YomHashoah
RZA &amp; GZA &amp; Raekwon &amp; Ghostface Killah &amp;
The next time a Tory says Jeremy Corbyn is a threat to national security let's make sure we remind the bastards that their
That... was a remarkable five minutes in U.S. history, between a United States Senator an Attorney General. Senator Maize
so what time are you on tomorrow
Because there is so much pain in the world, I thought I would share this.
.@bts_twt and are performing "Boy With Luv" together for the first time at the #BBMAs tonight. Read Halsey's tribute to
"what's wrong with you" "nothing, just tired" (: tired of not being good enough, tired of trying, tired of getting
TONIGHT'S THE NIGHT #BBMAs #BTS x RT if you're tuning in! #BTSArmy
Again, the Senators trying to catch him on process crime - recalling wrong details. He's wise and replies
I #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
From the beginning to the endgame. Marvel Studios' #AvengersEndgame in now playing in theaters. Get tickets:
Just putting this out there - please share with anyone to whom it may be relevant! I would LOVE to receive pitches
Burnt off my nose hairs lighting a joint. Ready for the sex now.
Peter Principle: every employee rises to the level of his [and her] incompetence
Happy #TacoTuesday friends. My favorite day of the week. Used some left over prime rib on these!
Fellas......this what we on now
cousin: can we go shopping? me: I have to be home at 5:30 cousin: why? me: someone's coming over to drop something
Music and the Quran don't go together, nobody's judging him doing music but he don't need to be
REMEMBER he is a #Veteran too, as well as #married #IndianaMAYOR and #Rhodes scholar.
Thank you Mike! Appreciate it brother
Starting the year looking after your skin is essential, so make sure you get your cacay oil right away and draw
"Shared with who?" Barr pretends that polling data was not shared by Paul Manafort with Russian Oligarch Kilimnik -
Loyalty is rare. If you find it, Keep it.
No one ever questions the womanhood of white european women with higher rates of testosterone who compete in events like
#ThoughtOfTheDay Am I wrong for wishing that this poor #Lion would turn round and rip this bitch's head off?!?
RT if you are loving AG Barr teach basic law to political Democrats who hate Trump more than they love America
When you get a good rotation of the Qtip in your ear !
When medical tests proved that the reason Phelps is the most elite butterfly athlete in the world is because he produces
Can we bring back the Nickname jerseys please
IVE BEEN LOSING SLEEP BECAUSE OF YOU #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
The sun goes down and it comes back up #BBMAsTopSocial Louis Tomlinson
#BBMAsTopSocial EXO i say ex you say o
Hausa lady has drugs planted on her, the criminals are arrested and she is found innocent and released. My brothers
I've left a little surprise on for you all. All you have to do is shazam the video or song to see a little exclusive
Me driving back home knowing that I failed my exam but I can now enjoy my summer
Whitehouse tries to nail Barr on using the term "spying." Barr responds by saying "I thinking spying is a good English
hi just made an account , and i'm looking for mutuals uwu rt/like if u stan — stray kids — nct — seventeen —
Good afternoon. Put that beautiful glow into my skin while taking your open wallet to my hands. Total submission
Sleeping is always great.. But sleeping forever is the best...
If you tryna be like this hmu
me looking at the bouncer after handing over an ID that isn't me
I just know who it ain't
Do you love differently when you hit rock bottom ?
I'm only here to discuss this mf right here
fyi next week this turns into a bts stan account
Entrant #15 into the First Annual Smitty Werbenjagermanjensen Memorial Tournament.... The Midwest
I was trying to give her the benefit of the doubt... but you're saying Sanders is paying her for good coverage? That's
RT for a chance to win this flawless #MK11 custom console by and Sub-Zero inspired kicks by Under Armour and Dennis
Fans on weibo are celebrating Li Cheng Yin never loving Sese even before meeting Xiao Feng and crying over the Douban
I don't stand with those people. Yeah, I see :/ Transphobes are
So Labour's proposed deal means no backstop needed. And we maintain
I am proud to be the only candidate running for president who not only voted against NAFTA and PNTR with China, but
3 days left before I reply to all of my mcms
The fact that Louis and Harry said the exact same thing about keeping their private life private..
it wasn't a problem when it first started being 3 hours
Barr is asking us to believe he can't recall whether he discussed ongoing cases with the White House or whether the
sorry i didn't respond to ur text i was busy convincing myself that u hate me
The NYT and its NY based reports don't have a clue about the hearts and minds of the Rust Belt
i added kiwi instrumental to this iconic video of natasha taking down 11 men.
Join the fun at
What is the word? Twitter wont translate for me.
Or is that Don Johnson after a heavy night?
We believe to have found a fix for the recent lobby exploit. Soon we will be deploying anti-exploit devices to all CS:GO
Open for a surprise.
Putting this on my gram.
Pusha the cat and her baby squirrels
No matter what others say, don't listen Just let'em talk, whatever they say The more they do, the more I'm sure
Senator Graham let's get moving on this. Democrats are acting like a bunch of bullies it
I just voted for EXO for #BBMAsTopSocial at the 2019 Billboard Music Awards. RT to vote too! Yay
If you're thanking God for what you do have, you won't have time to focus on what you don't have.
now i know why this looks familiar
So good I had to share! Check out all the items I'm loving on #poshmark #fashion #style #shopmycloset
im trying to get like spiritually enlightened but its hard when im a nihilist jshshsbbs
guys that don't think eating pussy is a part of sex disappoint me
When medical tests proved that the reason Phelps is the most elite butterfly athlete in the world is because he produces
retweet this to feel like you're finally a part of something
when she sends you nudes and says it's your turn
Ucen bird has a partner
Dear Streamers, I would love to find some under rated streamers and youtubers to watch in my free time and help them
since this song deleted off of youtube and it was the biggest game rap i had here y'all go so you can remember it
Moves on the rules #Artist100 chart &amp; debuts in the top 10
RT or you'll have the worse luck, just like I did . . .
Lol, well I'm glad you do. I feel like shit rn though.
It gets gayer as you go up.
I love that so much
Venezuela: A Socialist Playbook 1998 Chavez elected-free stuff/reduce inc inequality 1999 industry nationalized 03-07
This is a really important candidate. She's going up against a party that felt Omar Khadr deserved (under false
After #KhaisorIncident, once more security forces crossed the red line of pashtunwali &amp; tried to harass pashtun
Way past due!!
A corpse is more alive and alert than Grassley.
I'm so sick of being sick and tired. The only thing stopping us from saving 40,000 lives annually isn't people caring
The Venezuelan government must be so relieved that it banned private gun ownership in 2012 — you know, "for the safety
you are my happiness.
Full video : Gave this ginger a good face fucking , then fucked his pink hole till I finished on his face and mouth...
i started drinking more water than usual, eating healthier and sleeping earlier a couple of weeks ago and guess who had
I just voted for BTS for #BBMAsTopSocial at the 2019 Billboard Music Awards. RT to vote too!
I just voted for EXO for #BBMAsTopSocial at the 2019 Billboard Music Awards. RT to vote too! What do you
i love them lol! theyre like doe eyes
Didn't expect people to see this so I should give credit to u/Okmanl on reddit who posted this
Onward and upward!
Sensitive and empathy person always love too much, give too much and also hurt too much. The finest soul are those who
Coldplay should consider doing a concert in Nigeria. They are popular here
When it comes to selecting mates on a superficial level, women and men typically have different criteria. I've run polls in
1/ From my new article, apropos of this embarrassing show from Graham. "Wednesday's Senate hearing
Look at the line-up for tonight! Wow! My last vote for my boys before getting into meetings. RT to vote!
I miss you, I think about you all the time
BEYOND THE SCENE #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
being called a liar when you're literally telling the truth is the most frustrating thing ever
i tot I was the only one who realized that.
Hey, Jack! Great to see you, old friend... You ready for this?
On behalf of all that is holy, no.
From my room to the world
First Stacey Abrams said she wasn't running for GA-SEN. Now Cindy Axne declines to challenge Joni Ernst in IA-SEN.
Kamala is leaving innards on the floor.
Now I wish we never met because you're too hard to forget.
Wow, so you mean that the current AG is coordinating his responses with the WH?
Be good to yourself before you're good to someone else.
In related news, I am now running for federal office. #democracydollarsforoz
This is the way to get AG Barr in jail! Just ask the right questions. Good job Kamala! #AGBarrBehindBars
NEW: .@GavinWilliamson tells me he "wanted a police investigation because I would have been cleared. They would have had
Love you jikook
Someone tried to make an UwU in my Minecraft server but it just looks like UuU smh nobody wants an UuU
now i gotta ball without you
Beyoncé really waited till all the girls felt they had the bag secured then BOOM! Petty!!!
The main point of the tweet is that apple users absolutely REFUSE to admit when an android got em beat
Stop blaming Obama. You are responsible. Aah that is not in your vocabulary. You are a joke.
No, spewing biased inaccuracies is aptitude.
A WIN
Our biggest fans this week: Thank you! via
Tony Stark Malaysia.
dazai lulling chuuya to sleep and only stopping after the older man let out a contented sigh. dazai smiled, a lone tear
And politicians who have praised or cited Merchant of Venice, or Oliver Twist? If we go down
HEADS UP: The infected woman went to see "Avengers: Endgame" on April 25 at 11 p.m. at the AMC Theatres on Lemon Street in
"Jonas brothers in the back like the slaves they are" The disrespect is just everywhere today isn't it.
If I don't eat in the next hour I'm going to cry
Can't wait to be the ol head talking shit at the family functions
If your previous gf/bf wanted to get back together with you and have a fresh start would you? — Noooooope
#THFC fans please vote for Spurs loanee who has had an outstanding season for top of the league Atlético
Ugh sorry mistype! GAHAHAHA IT'S "I" #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
You right lol
All cry about helping everyone else But Americans. My family being just 1 of the 3 Times A Wk.
$45 to get your name covered up. Rip
You don't even know the half. Those motherfuckers were born to make people's lives difficult. It's
Aweeee he couldn't take the heat . I'm glad
Dear Journal Editors, Why do we need all the crazy formatting rules just to submit a paper? Why can't manuscripts be
Neither do I, and I am.
tell cersei, i want her to know it was me
Make sure you stop by and say "Hi!" to #BOLDERBoulder race director Cliff Bosley!
This mad cunt planted himself beside us in centra on our break , "don't mind if I sit here do ya lads" and next of all I
Long time no photo. Yes I'm still alive and I wanted to use the beautiful lighting in my room.
See indomie goes well with seafood first, chicken, beef and then goat meat. But you see what indomie doesn't even
Man who kept a teenage girl as a sex slave in a dog cage for a year spends only 8 months in jail- how about that
idc who i lose anymore, as long as i don't lose myself again, i'm good
men will literally kill you
Scene a few moments ago
Kamala Harris is ripping Barr a new asshole with a chainsaw.
I'll walk closer the the window before I switch to Android
happy 18th gorgeous!!!! Hope it's the best one yet and you get spoiled!!! See you very soon
Junior year the hardest year in HS
Is it just me or is it kinda ridiculous that my birthday reward is a discount on 3ds or wiiu
i am so in love with my man
Ariana Grande with a fan in Portland. (April 29th) #BBMAsAchievement
Thanos on the way to the club
Everyone better stan a.c.e by the end of this comeback or I'm going to be MAD
last day of voting and less than 12 hours till BBMAs so if you're watching don't forget to complete your other important
Right Which means, of course, that it is certainly not necessary. Barr is trying to deceive the American
What has taken over 200 yrs to build, the &amp; the Monster they created are destroying right in front of our eyes.
It's ok to admit you are wrong. Although, I am willing to bet you are
And he's absolutely right ! Shorty done lost her mind asking for all that money. Idc idc idc !
yall my body feels like i just ran a whole marathon,,claritin helps but at what cost
Errrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr. What the ever loving f#$k.
If he has leaked from the National Security Council, Gavin Williamson should be prosecuted under the Official Secrets
Here's lying again... saying "Trump fully cooperated with the special counsel." Trump refused to be
I might turn into an avocado one day
When she finally shut the fuck up
The stabbing scene. #GameOfThrones #NightKing #AryaStark
Kamala Harris has decided that she now doesn't trust Mueller's review of the evidence and conclusions because she's not
.@jguaido has no security force &amp; no ability to control the media. Facing grave threats to his freedom &amp; safety he openly
Can all of you leftist socialist trolls please understand this... In order to vote you need to understand where we are
Look at the line-up for tonight! Wow! My last vote for my boys before getting into meetings. RT to vote!
listening to sad music to make myself sad for no reason is the only thing i excel at no cap
Can we start talking about how the Democrats obstructed Trump's ability to run the government for two years due to
maybe l am asking a stupid question,but when will the consequence come out? — #BBMAsTopSocial EXO || The
Were you standing in front of them, gloating at you slowly ate, while loudly going "Mmm, so
cnnbrk: The Alabama House passes a bill that, if signed into law, would make abortion a Class A felony, which
Grassley: Was it the special prosecutor's job to make prosecutorial recommendations or declinations, rather than pass the
The Beatles on rehearsals of Ed Sullivan Show in NY, 1964
Great news. What a wonderful diplomatic win for India. #MasoodAzhar , that freak , finally been given the status of a
Man : Peon ki job ke liye aya hu. Liberal : Rejected. Police verification me pata chala aap rape murder ke liye 8
Happy #NationalChocolateChipDay everyone. Today's the day to enjoy ice cream, cookies, cake, cheesecake, or
HOLY FUCK BRING FUCKCING AN6IX IMM CREYING
I work at a library and did a program for teens on building your own board game. Newest obsession is
Theresa May becomes MOST evasive PM in 40 years by answering only 27% of interview questions Well this is a surprise.
She's a nasty woman.... You ladies rock. Keep up the great work...
Today we are excited to announce that and Vaughn Construction will collectively serve as
They don't give a fuck about prophecies or anything on the show anymore
POV: u walk into class and the same group of musical theatre kids are at it again
This shouldn't be better than the Sonic trailer but it is
Ah I see. But yes this episode especially was excellent - every song fantastic except for Shaky lol
Good timing for Powell conference, market needs to know that they shouldn't get ahead of itself to assume a rate
u ever just fall in love w someone's voice
they all showed the bracelets halsey gave them:( so adorable
No debate. Just do it. It's worth it. Binge or even take your time. It doesn't matter. We make a big
You big shaft lookin ass....
Now he's having screaming matches with undead dragons, smh fuck Catelyn LMAKSNKSGZUS
I love that discomfort that forces you to make a move. I'm dead in the thick of it right now, but I know exactly
I can't wait to see the outcome of this
Hey, If you think this is romantic give it a thumbs up, if not still give it one and tell me your answer below XD
Let us pour you a a glass of wine tonight for half-price and join us for LA DOLCE VITA at 7:00pm, Federico
Would've made a lot more sense if he didn't score
Interested in a job in #Clearfield, UT? This could be a great fit. Click the link in our bio to apply: Senior
If u're gonna me at least be creative
Never forget the Legal Migrants who protected their stores from Evil Doers using the Second Amendment during the 1992
Imagine being so bad you get sacked from a Cabinet Chris Grayling is still in.
This man's finger is on our nuclear button. Think about that when you vote.
Yet another verification video because I'm sick of being called fake by you air heads! #findom #domme
The anticipation is so difficult to bear sometimes, But this's what the magnificent games all about "I
BACK TO YOU #BBMAsTopSocial Louis Tomlinson
WIND ADVISORY IN LANCASTER - STRONG WINDS IN THE ANTELOPE VALLEY AREA - PROCEED WITH CAUTION
If you're having a bad day, watch this(:
Pls tag Shri to explain and remedy the bigotry and bias of towards
There has been widespread sharing of video of a Venezuelan military vehicle charging at civilians to claim the govt is
i lost 3 pounds in 1 day wtf
todays tea: ) ( ) ) _(____(____)_____(____(____ \ DON'T CELEBRATE / __ \ WITH US ON
OMG, Barr is now claiming he didn't want to put a "summary" out after Mueller requested the release of his summaries.
The ex convict that used her vote to stop Brexit is booted out by the good people of Peterborough. Nigel Farage will
You're still a god damn hero. Gonna throw up a link to for any US or CA
Rt and I'll describe u in 2 pics
On April 29, Special Envoy to Combat Global Anti-Semitism, Elan Carr, spoke on behalf of the administration at the funeral
What?! CORRUPT AG BARR is supervising the 14 criminal referrals made by Mueller?! WTH?!
Before this evening's rush hour, a note to our 7 Line customers from Andy Byford:
And now we're down to 1 hour left of voting! ARMYs thank you for voting with us as always. You all worked hard until
i wish i was there, have the best time!! &lt;3
ELECT DEMOCRATIC WOMEN. Watch what happens.
Jews categorised as "anti Corbyn plotters". Those scheming Jews &amp; their "slander" against poor "Jeremy". You sound just
WHAT THE FUCK ARE THOSE
I am so exciting. Rock the stage. #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
Biggo Marshy - j dubs - athersuch-
I want to disappear down the rabbit hole today
Big white dick cumming in the bathroom .

My cat just stares at me like "what do you want?"
WIDEN THE GAP WIDEN THE GAP WIDEN THE GAP WIDEN THE GAP WIDEN THE GAP WIDEN THE GAP WIDEN THE GAP WIDEN THE
I both hate him and want to be him
We've ran last season's matches to produce the baseline Elo for this season. All new teams starts out at 1100
You know despite all of this... - Droves of parents will bring droves of children to see Sonic - They will then sell
Giving away 1 ticket for tonight's concert #BLACKPINKinNewark Section 4, Row 18. First person to DM me your email
Watch the 2019 red carpet live stream #BBMAs
I can sing Dom lol
My dog of 12 years (my dads best friend) just recently passed, so my mom got a pillow with his picture on it for my
Also, if there are other ongoing investigations into the other side for collusion, AND MUELLER ASSISTED WITH THOSE
I'll walk closer the the window before I switch to Android
Yep. The more authoritarian the government in my country becomes, the more I understand
We are Iraqi refugees stranded in Turkey since 2014 we have been waiting for resettlement a lot, the future
Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaas Rickey.
Could be much worse! Could be decomposing in UHW with the taoiseach thinking it's not important.
i still think about this gif #BBMAsTopSocial BTS

why did i watch this and why did i like it?
I just voted for BTS for #BBMAsTopSocial at the 2019 Billboard Music Awards. RT to vote too!
There is no silver bullet to the problem of Canada's canola vulnerability. However, of
#Throwback The man in brown cap is Bikash Ranjan Bhattacharya, CPI(M) Candidate from Jadavpur, WB. He was celebrating
If this isn't in my future I don't want it
Biadap. So biadap. I'm so angry at this. Such vile, disgusting behaviour. They must think they're so cool for doing this.
In case you missed it, Sen. dropped the F-bomb while reading a text message exchange between former
What is You've Got Mail?
every may 1 i have a crisis about my upcoming birthday but then the free birthday gift emails come in and capitalism soothes the pain again
How to wallpaper a chimney breast Create a stylish focal point in your living room in just a few hours with our
I honestly hate um a good bit more than liverpool... thats just the
Donald Trump isn't king, and no one is above the law. We know Barr's deceptive "summary" was intended to protect the man in
I'm a natural caregiver &amp; servant. I hate making decisions. I get flighty &amp; unpredictable when left to my own
blowjob or handjob? — summer job pls. i need money rn.
Imagine being so shit you get fired by Theresa May
&lt; BBMA &gt; If you would dedicate one song for BAEKHYUN, what song will it be? 1 Retweet = 1 Vote 1 Reply = 1 Vote* *reply
My name is Ainhoa and I do art part time! I like drawing pretty ladies mostly!
ganja white night is a "they" zeds dead is a "they" slander is a "they" odesza is a "they" galantis is a "they" seven
Ted Cruz says that Barr has been getting the "Kavanaugh treatment"
This is the kind of game in which Milly could either excel or be calamitous. No Henderson??? Oh the
There's no real human equivalent for the zombified attack, one of the most jarring styles of survival in the animal
Today is a day that would make every Indian proud! I thank the global community and all those who believe in
Bryce Harper now batting in .240s for the 3rd time in last 4 years. 2019 .240 2018 .249 2016 .243 •Batting .187 since
Our xG difference (xG for - xG against) brings even scarier stats to light: 34.1 39.7 16.5 23.5 5.9 (2 games left) We
AG Barr is a disgrace, and his alarming efforts to suppress the Mueller report show that he's not a credible head of federal
The body can literally reject someone's energy. Your anxiety will start acting up anytime bad energy disturbs your
A group of men test the trust of a sheep herder. This video never gets old. May Allah elevate his rank in this dunya and
I'm sick of lobby groups trying to silence us about gun control NRA silence doctors by saying "stay in your lane"
this the best day ever
guys i have the biggest crush on taehyung but ...don't tell him
Men literally murder women for rejecting them. And that's the end of your little experiment.
Hell yes! I'm saving this for later.
A few days ago Tony Blair said Scotland would lose its influential voice in the UK if it were to leave. Today
How the fuck did she buy an audi with 45 dollars
#Watch| Barbarous #Israeli settlers try to demolish a wall being built by Radi Abu Aisheh around his house,which was
tony: carol you cant just cut your hair every time someone accuses you of being straight— carol, with scissors in her
Dude and I
I'm entered to win an Razer Phone 2 courtesy of and and his awesome community! Enter here
We're going to be LIVE with this afternoon to talk to them about their first experience at the #BBMAs! Stay
Most people don't do the math they just see the chance at 10,000
Why are you taking away peoples food that you didnt pay for?
Y'all, you know what to do. Make me #uhaulfamous
no one: bible thumpers from your hometown who marry their first boyfriend and get pregnant within a month bc their
Those you see ain't raindrops; they're my tears.
#BBMAsTopSocial Louis Tomlinson
20 minutes left of voting!!!!!!! rt, reply or quote with the tags!!! #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
Imagine not caring about the biggest Musical event in the world JAJHAHAHAHA
but this is the type of shit y'all choose to support on youtube. no comment
Remember joining the Tufty club as a kid!
Just some of the goodies in my Etsy shop. Lots of cards and gifts for the dog lover in your life.
i've been texting someone for a little bit and we facetimed for the first time last night and ended up talking for 3 hours.
WOW: Barr just admitted that he never looked at the underlying evidence for the Mueller report. So how in the world could he
The finale voting is near. Last hour left! Keep using the hashtag! #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
These rat turd aren't interested in the truth - else they would have been journalists, not
Instead we get hushed whispers and and "oh my gods" from the audience and even concerned looks from the characters
Medical Tourism Market Continues To Register a Hugh Growth In Healthcare Industry by 2026 With
y'all confuse spending quality time with someone you like with dates and that's where you begin hurting your own feelings
Just returned from a scouting trip for a new workshop I'll be running in the Czech Republic concentrating on long lens
Sir, Can you/China explain, If Pakistan has done a lot to combat terrorism as mentioned in this statement,why entire
i Was almost offended what kind of lame ass shit
UK Defence Secretary Gavin Williamson sacked due to Leak from National Security Meeting. Prosecution is expected.
If you are a #sub, please give your #Domme positive energy and space. If you are a #sub, respect the emotions and
me, a student with exams &amp; deadlines, checking every 5 minutes to see if shawn's announced anything
It all comes down to this. The final season of #Suits premieres July 17 on
A terrorist attack
Me driving back home knowing that I failed my exam but I can now enjoy my summer
You and me both girl. Lots of love xx
Thousands of scientists in Argentina strike to protest budget cuts today joining a national strike against Macri
You're*. Don't call someone ignorant if you don't know the difference
Congratulations to my dear friend and former seatmate on the floor, Maryland's new Speaker of the House.
How I'm trying to spend my summer nights
If anyone is wondering if they're in Idaho cause they didn't see a sign....
Straphangers will likely be able to pay subway fares with their iPhones starting in the early summer.
the new logo for hollywood studios might just be the most boring thing I've ever laid my eyes on.
I know y'all young because this a terrible idea.
No matter how shitty your life is, just remember: At least you're not Jacob Wohl.
Personalization. CRM. Lead Gen. Marketing Automation. Data &amp; Analytics. Visit Blue Fish Group at Booth 511 to discuss the
Tony Stark Malaysia.
Human Casserole, Replacement President of a Major Soft Drink Manufacturer, Small Solar System?
Besides the finances.... That's 300,000 extra patients for the already overworked
Captian Soldier Well.
Fisherman faces off against a raccoon he suspects has rabies to help a woman and her dog.
Nominating William Barr as Attorney General is one of the best decisions President Trump has made
Trumps booming economy - Overall costs for good and services have skyrocketed - 18mnts before/18mnts after he took
Into the Kanye-Verse
Forcing Caster Semenya to compete as a man or medicate herself out of her natural state violates so many human rights. To
Health officials quarantine a cruise ship in St. Lucia after confirming a case of measles
mcdonald's is a date, sitting in your car talking is a date, laying in bed is a date. $0 or $100 thank you for spending time
Sure do. I was a very annoying 7 year old after this. I'M READY! I'M READY!
Smartest piece on #China I have read in some time. Grateful to for his honesty—and guts. With lives at
I really wanna do this!
For the last time.. #BBMAsTopSocial BTS (@BTS_twt)
the bracelets halsey got for bts are 14k white gold not to be a math nerd but thats $27/gram and normal bracelets are
Something should be done as quick as possible! For the sake of the pple
If Chase is a bird, we're a bird. #GrowingUpChrisley
Today in 2001 Ray J drops Wait a Minute I just beat a charge My 9 millimeter large You on that pretty shit You don't
How mind blowing is the fact that 4000 years ago the Egyptians where able to lift perfectly into place several rows of 70
flower shop logo song - the boyz (requested)
LESS THAN A HOUR LEFT!!!! IF YOU SAW THIS TWEET YOU ARE OBLIGATED TO RT AND REPLY TO THIS TWEET
Well, that &amp; the fact that she doesn't look black.
Get your favourite club jersey from at ghc:60 cedis only... We customized per letter and per no#. We
What is the process in it?
Mazie Hirono (D-HI) accuses AG Barr of being a liar and of protecting the "liar and grifter currently in the WH,"
Kamala Harris forces Bill Barr to admit no one in his office looked at the evidence before exonerating Trump
She's a biological woman.
UPDATE for all those who have kindly shared and helped in the search for Ewan. Ewan's body has been found tonight. I won't
We're so sorry to hear you received anything other than great service today.
jimin: I don't know what you're saying but I love you
So you'll be voting for THANKS!
Why is this game still called Call of duty?
That's outrageous if she wanted privacy it's her responsibility no one else. Take the call in her car???!!!
"BTS PAVED THE WAY" #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
I wish I was miss keisha right now
men will literally kill you
last time i tweeted this video was less than 24 hours but to make sure yall haven't forgotten about it, here it is again
People really, really don't realise the sheer extent of TERF mass-reporting, and how serious a problem it is. They do
Agreed. Basically went MMA on his ass. I love watching him bumble like a fool.
i can't take anymore, please stop
This is the low bar this administration sets for a President; anything short of a criminal act is ok. If Trump isn't
.@KamalaHarris elicited what seemed to me to be a pretty astonishing admission from Barr that neither he nor Rosenstein
We have rolled out a slate of new features to help readers stay informed with accurate and reliable #crypto data.
Fellas......this what we on now
Right after ap lang exam and getting my license I won
Wish more had repeated the same. Then comes along Ted Cruz.
is he saying . you don't know
i just got a notification saying that it's a month until wembley,,, ill see bts in ONE month FUCK
Never would've happened if he tried escaping in a Dodge Ram with a 5 star safety rating.
When such disasters occur, is it not fair to ask: (1) Who's responsible for the highest security personnel casualties
Bi said more like a boom I'm hollin
There are no incentives to build affordable housing. The land costs the same amount, it's the largest
...The focus of the day here at Theopolis is not just to be in unity, but also to be challenged to greater unity—not just
Estranged (adj.): (of a person) no longer close or affectionate to someone; alienated.
Sorry Yoongi, but you are going to win both of them #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
He said the n word I couldn't even hear him
Barr: "We have to stop using the criminal justice process as a political weapon."
PARK JIMIN IS THE MOST MAN IN THE WORLD WHO I LOVE #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
SenCruz to Barr - You didn't need to take this job. Had to know you'd get "the Kavanaugh treatment."
JIN JUST SAID.... I LOVE YOU 3000 TO US... MARVELARMYS....
same opinion honestly should have been a 24 episode season, 2nd half was way too rushed. You'd
can i ask you a favour? it doesn't take 1 min of your time. can you please retweet, quote or reply with the voting tags so
Jimin you better stop with that #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
A deep, yet balanced, musk that is well suited for either masculine or feminine products. Notes of fern and orris add to
Today, we are all Senator Booker's left eyebrow
4-year-old: You got a letter! Me: It's just from the power company. 4: What do they want? Me: Money. 4: Can I
Kill4me is such a good song, thank you for this masterpiece
the justice league after they save winterfell from thanos or something idk I've never seen star wars
no matter what happens i ALWAYS go back to her
Steelers expected to decline CB Artie Burns' fifth-year option, per sources. Burns was replaced in the starting lineup
Are you my period? Cuz you're fucking late again.
Today's event $180 deepstack Follow/Like/Retweet. I'll draw one random person who will
Please take time to recharge yourself today. "Once you start laughing, you start healing."
there's not many people outside of family that i genuinely care for
If you're having a bad day, watch this(:
u really become a better person when you're loved
Kindly clarify. My daughters name is Maryam. Or in it's entirety Maryam Ameerah Salmaan. Amongst the many nicknames
Today! The second to last issue of ECLIPSE is out today! Issue #15 is a brutal one but also a really dramatic one! Really
Some of my #favorite things - Books... The Silence of the Lambs by Thomas Harris -
last minutes of voting in this category and we have to vote as hard as we can so please don't ignore this tweet! rt,
"Next year, I'm moving. Wolaayi." -
I'd love to see him storm in the room, push Barr out of his seat and testify!
"In a world, where there is no optimism about life, people fall in love with BTS' optimistic message about life in their
This caption is RIDICULOUS
Special Counsel Robert Mueller's letter objecting to the Attorney General's characterization of his report confirms what we
Second year #vetphysio students practicing surface anatomy and assessment at the harper dairy . Cows
The Unpanel segment for Episode 36 of our Crime, Mystery &amp; Thriller #podcast features
I'm a kinky b*tch, but I'm interested in engaging in informed and consensual kink. Everyone has a right to pursue
My younger brother is smoking but every time i try to talk him out of it, he just say angibhemi mine
Chris Beard believes can consistently compete for National Championships. joins
Thanos on the way to the club
Bill Barr Blasts Richard 'Da Nang Dick' Blumenthal, 'It's Over... We Have to Stop Using the Criminal Justice Process as
Are you sure you're just gonna look?
"Imagine no, me aki I can't eat dirty dudus and wild fruinyez...si we order some matundas from Zucchini."
All of this policing of women in sport is related and it's hateful and it's bad
i just fucking hate that i do shit out of love, out of a pure heart &amp; i get this bullshit
I MEANT CONVERSE ABOUT IT YOU DOLT- oh you need a doctor. Right...
Turn in your human being card if you're still spouting off about the wonders of socialism after what we witnessed today in

Who's that valiant Vietnam vet on her right? I can't believe I just accused Sen. Richard. Blumenthal of being on the right.
(lol that friend was my best friend until i found out she liked my crush, she didn't evem tell me tho, i just
This week's top 10 on the #Artist100: 1. (4th week at No. 1) 2. 3. 4.
me: hey can i do something to help my grade? teacher: um...it's May me: sorry, MAY i do something to help my grade
The places #PTI goes, and the people it sees. travels through Hunza, and Khunjerab pass. At the majestic KKH
Ya if I see ppl post or retweet or like those I instantly unfollow
Okay I call BS on this whole "gas savings" thing. Energy is like 1/3 or so the cost of gasoline. I'll give you that.
dropped my brother off at school this morning and got some of the most insane flashbacks of how much I disliked my time
RT if you love Kim Taehyung #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
Jimin you better stop with that #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
Never before seen photos of the #Dachau concentration camp just after it was liberated in 1945. Our and
It was a festival day at my son's Head Start today. I realized he's the only non-POC in the entire school, staff
What smashing furends Archie. #FurryTails
Why does everything have to be about race? This is a disgusting act, no matter what color he is. We should be coming
men will literally kill you
Kamala: "Has the president asked you to open an investigation of anyone? Barr: [awkward silence] Kamala: "Yes or no?"
I got stabbed on Sunday outside anyone who can help me find this girl please contact me or any icon
BARR : huhhhhhh, I am not sure....huh.
If for one fucking second *takes off clothes* You think that I, DAVID, am going to degrade myself *texts resignation to job*
Makes a change to hear a Liverpool fan actually from Liverpool.
I'm done arguing with ppl on twitter..
This certainly isn't what we like to hear! Could you please DM us with the store location that you
DuckDuckGo proposes the "Do-Not-Track Act of 2019"
&amp; even better, a summary you can listen to:
Can't wait for the greatest Spider-Man moment in history to be adapted in the MCU
[meeting girlfriend's parents] me: i'm a big fan of your work
anyone in oman and knows where i can go and play guitar and sing or maybe small events that i can participate in dm plzz : )
[!] 190501 Congratulations to actor #DohKyungsoo for winning the Male Popularity Award at the 55th Baeksang Arts Award for
Well done to the people of Peterborough.
get an old mout down u
Do you support women's rights? If yes, retweet this.
"I think the American people have seen that you are biased, and that's your conflict of interest." to
Me tonight when I go to avengers
Kuna mrogi mzuri unajua unipee number yake? Kuna jamaa ako na shop hapa kwetu Kayole nataka kuroga. Last night, I went to
With the appointment of the first female Defence Secretary, there is now only one regular Cabinet post that has never
I almost never wear a cap
Attorney General Bill Barr: "The evidence is now that the President was falsely accused of colluding with the
Captain Lebanon, tell Israel I'm coming to free Palestine.
"Aw the unwed lassies -Big Anne here hosting your speed dating night" #janeygodleyvoiceover
New vid is up! come check it out here! #apex #apexlegends #apexlegendsclip
Students enjoyed the Spring Book Fair so much today! With BOGO sales, there are so many good reads to
MSNBC cuts in. Nicole Wallace: "I'm not going to dance around this. He's lying." I'm flipping to uninterrupted
"Dude in a wig runs track"
im so excited for college
So Pre-Med students graduate and use white coats... Nurses graduate and use stethoscope's ... and this kid can't
Jk..... You on my timeline is what I like to see
This video made me angry and I don't know why
It's here. It's here. It's here. IT'S HEEERE! The #SmoresFrappuccino drink is back!!
I hope Angela is dead af
BTS PAVED THE WAY. Only legends #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
Attorney General Bill Barr shuts down Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse (D-NJ) after Whitehouse gets upset over Barr's use of the
17 years ago today, Amerie released her debut single "Why Don't We Fall In Love" The single peaked at #23 on the
Jesus is sending us out into the world — into our homes, into the places where we work; into all our
Me acting shocked that I've gained weight after eating unhealthy and not exercising
So this was taken completely in context, and not just the quote you wanted? Just asking because looking at your
Mayanti... have said this earlier, will say it again.... either get a better stylist or even better... when you
I just voted for GOT7 for #BBMAsTopSocial at the 2019 Billboard Music Awards. RT to vote too!
I just voted for BTS for #BBMAsTopSocial at the 2019 Billboard Music Awards. RT to vote too!
Amy Klobuchar prosecutes Bill Barr with dozens of pieces of evidence from the Mueller report
hi i turned this vintage trench coat into a 3-piece suit in 4 hours and im v proud of it :)
This is me tonight in front of my TV and doing the fanchant along with ARMYs #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
Those ‘friends' are not friends at all x
"I don't think there is a bad culture in the FBI and I don't think the problems that manifested themselves during the 2016
JOLY SHIT YES!!!!!!!!! THREE DAYS!!
They too heavy for you?
I just voted for BTS for #BBMAsTopSocial at the 2019 Billboard Music Awards. RT to vote too! K
I Ain't Tripping If I Lose This Shit Ima Go Bacc To The Trenches And Sling That BitCh on God !
how i feel listening to the new Rico Nasty album
if you see this tweet you're obligated to drop any picture of SEOKJIN. Don't forget to use the voting hashtags.
A #rehablegend is anyone who is actively working to make a
All Brexit Labour Party Supporter &amp; Voters Need To Turn Their Back On The Labour (Remain) Party
so he keeps his nails clean and polished, now he likes dick?
Deb Canham Mohair #Teddy #Bear The Organ Grinder Complete w/Monkey Tag &amp; Box #DebCanham #collectibles #shopping
I hate to interrupt your sandwich and executive time.....no I don't. please think carefully about your soul.
they said they're just finished the rehearsal for bbmas and they were talking about the choreo and Hoseok said "Halsey,
Subpoena Clapper &amp; Brennan! Demand they answer whether they leaked classified information to the Washington Post. Examine
Me acting shocked that I've gained weight after eating unhealthy and not exercising
If I'm asking a question, I have already DONE the research and I'm asking for clarification.
For , featuring a #feral version of their #kemonomimi OC Astraea. #barbs #horsecock #bigboobs #snowleopard
Ugh I love nice people so much
So this random old lady i was sitting next to on my flight was staring at my phone the whole time so i had to catch her
We need to do better HOLLYWOOD.
#UNCCshooting "Riley is a hero." Chief Putney confirms 21 year old Riley Howell tackled the gunman when he opened fire in
Please help spread this news! This history does not only belong to #Uyghurs but all of humanity. This is only a list of
ZOE SPEAKING SPANISH WHILST DRESSED AS GAMORA IS THE ONLY VIDEO YOU NEED ON YOUR TIMELINES RIGHT NOW
But the sick bus driver who raped a 14 y/o gets no prison time???? Y'all have me fucked up
it was me, i'm the dumbass
I know a candidate for the gloves of destiny ... And oh my god please show him some instruments from the royal
when u hear his morning voice
amily of Justine Damond filing a 50-million dollar civil rights lawsuit against former Minneapolis police officer Mohamed Noor.
nobody asked but scolding your tongue is probably on of the most annoying things ever.
Both the Attorney General William Barr and President Trump now have the right to sue the ignorant and willfully
Sen. Elizabeth Warren: Barr should resign + Congress should move to impeach the President
Jon Snow is the King of squaring up in the face of certain death.
"Kamala's a cop" is gonna become a compliment as of today.
Lol I recorded and tweeted "Lyin Ted"
"what's wrong with you" "nothing, just tired" (: tired of not being good enough, tired of trying, tired of getting
Don't be going 70 in the left lane &amp; act surprised when I pull up on you doing 95
my god so do I.
Important part of the MUP journey! Features our own head of public health at the time, plus prominent
Thank you Michael Scott Thank you Jim Halpert Thank you Pam Beesly Thank you Dwight Schrute Thank you Kevin Malone
HAH I CALLED IT!
My sociology professor keeps an alphabetic list of new slang terms he learns from students and I will never get over it
This if the bread is toasted
You generally have to take out a loan to buy into such a partnership. (These businesses need capital
V Focus I'm so sure Tae practiced English phrases for the interviews and red carpet. I hope he can spit all out this
halsey gave bts churros and a lil gift basket + bts gave halsey a personalised chocolate and a lil gift basket + bts
Army spirit, Just a few minutes left the vote will be closed GLOBAL LUV PARTY #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
Not the brightest bulb. Night school or maybe American Samoa School of Law?
READ: Gavin Williamson Responds to the Prime Minister via Gavin Williamson has
im really in a dark place in my life and i just want to be ALONEEEEEEE!!!
You generally have to take out a loan to buy into such a partnership. (These businesses need capital
we are almost done with our MASS VOTING, thank you for voting with us, lets continue further ok? let me see your proofs
As a researcher, and understanding how academia is constructed, there is a 100% chance this study won't produce
Doin' the happy dance!!
If this isn't in my future I don't want it
We had home court advantage last year, and the series was 1-1 at this point. A lot more statistically
Ladies and Gentlemen the Defence Secretary of the United Kingdom. It's like the Tory party are having one giant
I stopped watching talks early just to make y'all this video of Travis breaking his sweatshirt set to the Mii music.
Comrades like Attaullah Esakhelvi prompt even the Prime Minister to get up from his seat and welcome him with a firm yet
I'm not good at this
Ted Cruz is basically a big bucket of black mold mixed with snot and slime and sprinkled with bubonic plague and
Can u test? Its 4:45 am for me and I'm lying in bed, so I can't
Fuck that fella throwing people in fountains Fuck the racist comments Fuck lashing a tweet on showing you
This is Jarmila Kratochvílová , the Women's 800m world record holder. She was never persecuted and discriminated against
Seeing someone litter in public is a legally protected self defense situation
Imagine having such a sad life that she is literally going personal and wishing bad for people for a mere show that is
I've just posted a new blog: A Seasonal Crown: May Flowers
This...
Start to finish of the drawing of my boy Gorren! Art is mine
Have you ever heard of a TRAIN
When opposing counsel asks to talk to a partner about your "professionalism" and your boss responds with "he's
So this boy decided to perm his "edges" and I... FHURCHHFHVJTFHUFFBHC
And I could try to run But it would be useless.... #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
So this random old lady i was sitting next to on my flight was staring at my phone the whole time so i had to catch her
Always been Left and we are Elite
amazing sights in the city. Breathtaking.
confirmed it for them! He had no reason to lie to them and he honorably told them the truth about everything he knew.
he loooks like asian right? xD ish i guess #gay #asian #art #porn
Finals week in college is so weird, there are kids running around with no backpacks, half the library can't stop
I'd say Socrates and Lesbian Zombies are both timeless. (Though I'm also planning to start a
Fuck a mile, they take a few football fields.
LMAOO this what i mean i was i say church have y'all brainwashed
Jin: I love seeing you shine this era, and I promise to always appreciate you #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
[A349] Hello You RTx3490! #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
Beyond thankful April is over, what a 30 day span..
i can see the stars in your eyes
In which Owen simply acknowledges he wants a soft Brexit. And therein lies the issue. Having
I just need to be fishing rn
Good morning to everyone especially AG Barr who's getting attacked because he's about to bring the pain to the treasonous
Our mobilization to support greening campaign in #Sahel &amp; #Savannah areas of #Nigeria is yielding good fruits. Within a
I don't think classic Sonic cares for his new movie look...
i'm so happy for emma she will be amazing, but i will miss abby so much i was really hoping for her to suit up, but i
Yes I want us to start being in contact. But no u wont b back this soon lmao I'm coming for the old man's bday
Hear hear MQM &amp; PTI can you hear the roaring crowd chanting Bilawal Bilawal. Karachi's mandate was stolen
omfg go learn to fcking spell first before thinking your opinions are
No jail time for NY school bus driver who admitted to raping 14-year-old girl. The judge says the 26-year-old has no prior
No kidding.. I agree...I changed the station to the Pawn Stars
im so tired of these goddamn locals going " why are you so invested in a character ? they're just fictional and it's
Shes just a glorified haircut merchant
Best thing about exams is the stories to help memorise. Today was a man called BNA, born in 1981, who had two
I want to know what you have on your whole party that not one of them will speak out against
May the month of May be filled with abundant love and many blessings. Reach out and claim it.
Two older women talking about ones grandson takes the Bible seriously. Especially the be fruitful and multiply
Thank you boo.
urban decays alchemist palette, rly pigmented and has like a rainbow of colors. if she's more into warm
I don't have any rich parents, no strong background, no connection anywhere but I thank God I'm surviving...
I don't care bout nothing but a bag this summer.
so Gemini's not the perfect match for anyone? I'm triggered af lmao.
Marana High School (@MaranaHS) student Jude Lykins earned the highest possible ACT score - so impressive!
From the Craddle to the MF Grave My Nigga love ya jit ! Happy Birthday . THE GVO WAY WE GOING NORTHBOUND !
How niggas treat the baby that they told the bitch to abort
Ben Stiller testified to the Senate on the plight of Syrian refugees: "In many parts of the world, the term 'refugee' has
GET EM #TEDCRUZ!!! #WilliamBarr is a lousy liar!
30 minutes of moderate-intensity exercise increased activation in the brain regions associated with memory and
Coming down the stretch and Matt Brock and Johan Kok are still fighting in the PGA Professional Championship!
Guess I'm a nerd
many people have muted the word shddjhj i muted the people who created those tweets
Some doors close, others open. Big tings a gwan!
come get ya boy. I asked for an added shot of espresso not an attitude about how coldbrews aren't made from espresso.
Another interesting statement on the FISA investigation. Barr says his team is working with the OIG's personnel. But he
Congress is coming together in a bi-partisan effort to help injured and ill 9/11 first responders and survivors still
Town Hall- The State of Expanded Learning in California by Division Director TRUTH IN
I'm just like you #BBMAsTopSocial Louis Tomlinson
&lt; BBMA &gt; Name all the songs EXO (group/individual/unit) has participated with in STATION! 1 Retweet = 1 Vote 1 Reply = 1
i was bored and trying to forget how depressed endgame made me so i made a captain america edit set to old town road
What took so long to ban smoking??? I'm also on board with the large stroller thing. Malls n grocery
dinosaurs 66 million years when they heard the asteroid enter earth
Rep. Ilhan Omar says "America is not going to be the country of white people." Nobody said it was. But I can tell
Has anyone else noticed that the Democrats haven't asked one legitimate question of #Barr The only reason they want these
This reminds me of the time she lambasted Comey when he let someone skate for having their own secret
Kamala Harris to William Barr: "I think you've made it clear that you did not look at the evidence and we can move
I GOT MY HOPES OH NO NOT AGAIN
Damn this post is so motivating. Thanks for the motivation broer. I wanted to give up, things have
tony stark, iron man, howard potts
...working. Dahlen stuck with the joke though and told Ray to bear down. Keep it in there and damned if...
If you've got a wedding, Christening, or other event on the horizon, but maybe over-indulged on the Easter eggs,
Most of us until we start going to Uni
If you see a lineup and the player you wanted to play isn't there, your initial reaction shouldn't be anger or to insult
Thanos on the way to the club
Me driving back home knowing that I failed my exam but I can now enjoy my summer
Democrats insisted on the Mueller investigation. When no collusion was found, they now want another investigation. Petty
Congress-UPA Government under Dr Manmohan Singh got UN (China included) to agree to declare Hafiz Saeed as a global
Hahaha. He acts like one though. But you'll gonna love his serious, hyung side.
Look at the line-up for tonight! Wow! My last vote for my boys before getting into meetings. RT to vote!
.@KamalaHarris: "Has the president or anyone at the White House ever asked or suggested that you open an investigation of
when someone fans you in the crowd at a festival
God's church doesn't have a church. God's mission has a church
Cruz once again completely misunderstands objection or "argument" against Barr. On top of that Barr
Waiting for u #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
Barr's lies are so extreme that just had to cut in AGAIN to fact check. "I'm not going to dance
Enlojri? Isn't he in the Lord of the Rings?
This morning, Donald Trump retweeted 53 accounts purporting to be "firefighters" who were planning to support him
the jonas brothers are from jersey and yet 1) they went to penn state over rutgers 2) they didn't include jersey as
The lil bitch acting like she nutted in me .... wrong number dummy lol
Men ain't shit It's their fault I have my period and feel like dying. They just love to kick the fallen.
fuck u for keeping me around to make you happy until you didn't need me anymore and left me alone wondering where I
bringing this video of chris doing push-ups with dodger back to your tl because it's the cutest thing ever
Well, some of the time. The premise of using movies as torture devices was an effective setup, but it also framed the
At times, the things you see that you don't like present the changes that you can help make. We see them to remind us of
Would you like some fries with that waanaa burger TED?
Booker slides in to the shot like. Awesome.
u do realise gelatine is literally flavourless why are u all so pressed about eating sweets without bones in them
According to Barr if you feel like you are being investigated unfairly you can obstruct an investigation, and the fact
I don't care what anyone says, JJ definitely has the sickest videos, this guy doesn't no move half heartedly.
Robert Reich: Congress Should Be Ready to Arrest Attorney General William Barr If He Defies Subpoena
Uber driver : " hahah oops sorry wrong turn " Me already late to wherever I'm going:
So, i had to make a quick concept for kcck s wed outfit for DB even if its in a victorian time i couldnt bring myself to
Will we ever see this iconic moment with Spider-Man and Falcon in the MCU?
Did you know: FBI is Investigating Antifa For Plotting To Buy Guns From Cartel For ‘Armed Rebellion' Isn't this
WATCH: "Has the president or anyone at the White House ever asked or suggested that you open an
AG Barr is refusing to look at the totality of the evidence. This is Law School 101! Time to stop covering for the
I'll be living one life for the two of us. #BBMAsTopSocial Louis Tomlinson
The disgraced leader of the woman's march, a white guy who writes for the Nation, a disgraced ex-CNN contributor,
only you #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
Probably the best song you've ever written let's be honest
It's time for Hawaii to kick her ass to the curb.
The Statue of Love in Georgia, Batumi
A student of IMM died last 2 months ago Reason was, on his B-Day, b'day bumps were given by friends.. Next day he had
i'm 22 in 19 days lol wtf
"Jews have two memorial days: #YomHazikaron to remind us of the cost of having Israel. #YomHashoah to remind us of
Literally nobody understands night shift life until they've done it and if they haven't they just think you're lazy for
The border must be sealed either by a barrier wall or with Troops. The
Each tweeting is helpful for the Social 50, please don't forget BTS #BBMAsTopSocial
So this random old lady i was sitting next to on my flight was staring at my phone the whole time so i had to catch her
Why does continue to provide an outlet for Russian/Rwnj propaganda? Can't you find someone better
She makes my heart smile other times I feel flowers growing in my chest and I have no fucking idea what I should
Rahul ji you are best
[A343] Are you still awake, EXO-L living in the other side of the world? We wish you a very nice noght of sleep
We made FutureProofing- Sport over 2 years ago, and the question of setting fair categories (including sex
Don't carry life for head Life is too short One moment you've subscribed 5GB flexing YouTube, the next moment you've
sis is stressed. sis is tired. sis is me. i am sis.
#Denisovan man found in Asia hired to renovate the #CreationMuseum
TradeStation- they have a great DOM and awesome customer service. They also take care of Military &amp;
.@SenatorDurbin: "Should [Mueller] be allowed to testify?" Barr: "I've already said publicly, I have no objection to him."
Let's be very clear: said her 2020 campaign would prosecute the case against Donald Trump. After watching
Let's retweet this every time it shows up on your feed. Miss Lindsey is a hypocrite and racist Trump sycophant.
Conflicting fanchant guides just made my anxiety spike to a 78
When I need somebody to talk to L #BBMAsTopSocial Louis Tomlinson
Had a great time chatting with students today Lordship Elementary School's Career Day in Stratford. These 1st
He continues to play the role of defense attorney to the President, not of Attorney General of the United States.
When you lie on your resume, but you're in too deep now...
GIRLS WITH CURLY HAIR ARE GREAT CAUSE ONCE THEY STRAIGHTEN IT ITS LIKE .... WOW I GOT 2 BITCHES
Lindsey Graham rushing to wrap up the hearing after knocks Bill Barr somewhere past the Space Station
Okay we got only 45 mins more.. If u want Namjoon to shout ARMYYYYYYYYY in front of the whole bbmas crowd RT and
it's been a damn minute
YOU BETTER DON'T ANNOUNCE ANYTHING ICONIC WHILE I SLEEP.
That time when the Attorney General mentioned "placeholders".
I am now a senior in college This is unsettling
R u ok? Dm if u need someone to talk to
Never give up!! To anyone out there who's feeling lost or down, there is always light somewhere if you look for it! Keep
The Remain tactic is now simple - give Labour a bloody nose
Also is #girlsinglasses a thing?
Be in a relationship with someone who don't ignore you.
can you please explain how my data that was 3.5GB as at Monday is now 500MB today? What did Nigerians do
I gotchu
You and me both didn't tag them no need to apologize lmao, you have no response to
They didn't like Bob's report, so they've put Barr on trial, insulting &amp; slandering him in the process. I hope he gets to
My brother did this and ended up getting a divorce from lack of communication. My aunt said "don't leave the house or
a.c.e is finally back &lt;333
When the computer says: "Press any button"
this how dads look when someone comes to their house that they've never seen before
Oh lord I agree with a Liberal Democrat. I must wash immediately!
Do you think BTS deserves the award "2019 Top Social Artist at BBMAs"? Retweet for yes. Quote with keywords + tag for
[A346] Some CBX fun to lighten up the voting mood!! &lt;3 RTx3460! #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
I'm so cripplingly self-aware of every little thing I do in public, and then we have a guy in this grocery store
Poll: Mitch McConnell Is Most Unpopular Senator in the Country
Bruh who mutes their mics I'm laughing in that shitters face
Work hard and become a leader Be lazy and become a slave #PositivePakistanMazdoorksath
.@halsey on "Behind those three letters are seven astounding young men who believe that music is stronger than the
nice work brother. excited for revelry to end so comp's safe to play again. got a frankly disrespectful
Beyond the Scene #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
A6: Honestly, I wish I could tell my younger self about my condition. I'm told I had it since birth, but didn't
Strongly condemn cowardly attacks on our security personnel in Gadchiroli, Maharashtra. Our thoughts and prayers are
Or maybe made into a sign to be affixed on the bathroom door.
HEY YALL ITS THE ~LAST DAY~ TO PREORDER The listing will be closed at the end of today and they will only be available
Other Democrats should watch how quickly #KamalaHarris got #Barr flustered to see why being friendly and deferential is
U really be at peace when u don't care
You're so consistently on the wrong side of things.
RT and reply "I will wait for you Xiumin" + the tags or else you're a Xiumin anti #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
so i made an illustration for a musical fanzine and i wanted to make my own playlist of songs that i really like atm (and
BTS PAVED THE WAY #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
Next ep of The Dork Forest is with and you can watch Melanie Vesey's Comedy Special on Revry TV HERE-&gt;
Barr is now looking around for help as Harris drills down on all of the conflicts and biases riddling his and Rosenstein's
Unpopular Opinion: Selena Gomez is the most beautiful woman alive.
Fires me up. Let me see someone making fun of someone, ESPECIALLY WITH A DISABILITY THEY CANT HELP.
I had the stream paused for an hour or so and I was able to skip through every Republican. That's some spa-level self-care
I've got to get out of my head. My job requires me to basically beg for money and attention so I need to just
Proud to announce that I've rejoined as a sexy streamer :)
WHAT THE FUCK
Bro. Fantasia is dropping new music...ANNNDDD...wait for it.....she got a song with BRANDY AND JAZMINE SULLIVAN. The
I think gave the wrong shield to the wrong Hero. #AvengersEndgame #CaptainLebanon
I'm just like you Rt to vote for Louis Tomlinson for #BBMAsTopSocial
I voted for EXO for #BBMAsTopSocial at the 2019 Billboard Music Awards. RT to vote too!
A special event with a brilliant POTUS candidate Marianne Williamson speaking Friday. She is exactly what we need now
O crap, its lyin ted cruz. Time to go do something else. What a fucking lying scumbag. Is he going to ask a
I done peeped it since day1
Just in case anyone missed this! Enormous cash cow for this thieving govt. Helped pay off the national debt indeed!!
While the media is fixated on the attempted coup in #Venezuela, they are completely silent on the riots in #Honduras,
There's no earthly protection against this. He couldn't be more compliant. He was in a no win
I wasnt before but now I am. and dont get me started on my last name, oh man
GMB left Nigeria for the UK for a private visit to see who please? What kind of a president leaves his country and
I did some things that I regret I seen some things that I'll never forget
Guess what... I'm going to BTS at the Rose Bowl on May 4! I also want to take you and a friend with me. Nominate someone
Tomorrow night's season premiere of iZombie is one of the few episodes where a major character doesn't die. Enjoy!
gentle reminder that the earth is dying and so are we
I don't know who needs to hear this but that habit of cleaning your mouth or mouth with the curtain when no one sees
Biden rally in Dubuque Iowa. Can't you just feel that energy?
the future is so scary
The next gathering of the Seattle Podcasters Guild will be on May 29th! Come join us and talk podcasting.
PROMISE. .the one song which I never miss, never skip. #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
They aren't at all the same, and that Grayson would consider them his equal is laughable at best.
making moments matter. The big, the little, and all of them in between. We're here for yours, building a home and life you
BTS PAVED THE WAY #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
"For the culture" just sounds cringy as fuck but I'm all for the tape!!
This is what happens when Barr is asked a carefully worded question. He can't figure out how to answer it the way
So has now formally announced that he plans to use his committee to investigate Hillary Clinton and the
Jeremy putting reduced life expectancy, increased infant mortality, a crisis in care for the elderly and more people
If the man was looking for sympathy or revenge, he blew it. "Suck it up, buttercup".
i am cory booker's left eyebrow as kamala harris is grilling bill barr
What do you think?
"When you're in the room, you can kinda disconnect a little bit. It's a little bit more clinical, there's a job at
Our Twitter page was created in support of 2 years ago today. Thank you for supporting BTS alongside us!
#Toledo played in the American Association, which was considered a major league at the time. Hats off to a true
Nice view from the Spokane Downtown Library. We can't wait for the new viewing platform to be complete!
RT The #Constitution recognizes Only 7 specific institutions as
Smfh. I remember when 8ths was goin for 50
i'm excited to watch Classic WoW speed runners once the game's been released :D doing timed runs &amp; all that. cozy streams.
LOL The MTA Is Selling a Used Trash Can for $300 (Plus a $75 Processing Fee) -- as a 'Collectible' via
Mind my business and smoke a couple blunts
Harris' block of questioning was must-see TV. That was legendary. A goosebump-producing, history-making
yall wrong the god tier fruits are : literally every fruit . thats it
Last tweet redacted which led me to find that this a genuine question. See here:
Sounds like an interesting setting for a post-apocalyptic story! What inspired you to write it?
"The flip flop in this case is that you won't answer the question directly." - Kamala Harris She did it y'all, per
"my world revolves around me. i create my world &amp; if it's a muhfucka in it that's not adding to my happiness, that's
Holy shit, they passed the Climate Change Motion! Parliament has declared a National State of Climate Emergency!
We were all born with unique talents and gifts. From genetics &amp; athletic ability, to intellectual capacity, emotional
the term mary sue isn't sexist, it's just a female gendered term used near exclusively in reference to female characters
AWESOME job!!! I believe you have my vote for 2020!! You slayed it today. No one else stood out. Thank you!! #BarrHearing
Okay so what part of the song specifically? How many minutes in? And how long would you like it to
Don't know who needs to see this but.. Choose you. Don't worry about the other times. This time choose YOU.
#UPDATE Horgan says he spoke to last night. He says Kenney told him Alberta has no intent to use turn
Tomorrow is the day! Polling stations open at 7am. Make your vote count!
These first world problems though while the rest of the world falls apart. Lets
hello i come bearing wips for the next patreon comic reward~
Having a binge, on XboxOne screenshots and comments to follow over next few days. Iron Snout,
eye contact can say a lot.
I wasap waiting forma that video thanks
RT for a chance to win this flawless #MK11 custom console by and Sub-Zero inspired kicks by Under Armour and Dennis
The Maybot strikes again. Can't lead. Weak. Unprincipled. Can only follow manipulative officials.
Getting styled with my two sisters &amp; taking pictures with them makes me so happy &amp; you can clearly see
Proof that he has no credibility and should resign ASAP.
You're toy collection makes me so happy
I can relate
Per ranks No. 1 Best Value College in America! Way to go BYU!
Well Sonic's been trending all day today, so I feel this is also appropriate to post
they just showed the stage set up for the rose bowl on the news!
Me happy too #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
PSA for all my ladies that like wandering at festivals if you happen to run into my group at edc this year and you're on
Happy 1st May Verbosers! Our next night will be on the 27th and the theme is ZODIAC/STAR SIGNS/ALL THINGS
You seem to miss your ex alot — noo at all
Chris Kokolios - Very Happy Piano Theme - #iTunes
I don't know why I use this website sometimes
Very unsure why so many men insist on showing your their sex skills, and then are very bad it? Like what is this?
a lot of men have never been loved or celebrated fr and it shows. and i don't just mean romantically but like...period.
Tips for those of y'all going to protests today. Actions: 1. Never speak to cops 2. Never give your govt name out to
i been wanting to go do this forever like a date or sum lol this shit fun
Haha
Let's do the right thing Crispy fresh
I already did...Lol.
When you smoke to feel better, but now ur just sad and high.
I can do it #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
Cis folks better start thinking deeply about the world they're complicit in shaping because it's going to bite you too
This sworn testimony doesn't seem to be ... true.
u only remember i exist when u need something
I did it before and burned out. Bad. And that was when I wasn't living alone.
Imagine after all these I now catch you in hellfire, that place won't contain us.
Thanos on the way to the club
This gone be the hottest song of the summer if he do so. Idk why y'all playing like a Drake feature don't make shit
"what's wrong with you" "nothing, just tired" (: tired of not being good enough, tired of trying, tired of getting
thanos: *looks at peter parker* all the female heroes:
If you see a lineup and the player you wanted to play isn't there, your initial reaction shouldn't be anger or to insult
no offense but bts winning both categories at the bbmas actually sucks
#Mark day 652# Really nothing.... Boring.... Wanna a love
Is it a joke or not
New post: Hollywood's Highest Earning Actors Of 2019: Will Smith &amp; The Rock Stand Tall
.@PreetBharara is scheduled to speak at tonight. Since being fired by Trump, Preet has reinvented
He hasn't got enough chances to exhibit his class and had to go back to the home for country matches but unfortunately
Whoa... opens by asking Barr whether the president or anyone else has asked or suggested that he open an
#BBMAsTopSocial BTS Bruh seriously what the heck was that? Half paper or double scissors? Even he himself
He can't redirect the conversation to make himself the topic of conversation like
Protect trans kids by voicing your opposition to government-approved discrimination against some of the most
Doug Adair 5/25/29 - 4/29/19. My sworn enemy, Alzheimer's, claimed the life of my dear friend and mentor, Doug Adair.
Yes... cause I'm wet
Why are you taking away peoples food that you didnt pay for?
What a fucking shame
After 10 years of trying finally #MasoodAzhar is declared a #globalterrorist by #UNSC The world unites against terror,
Since he enjoys the word as much as I do... Lindsey Graham is a fucking asshole.
Do you know how many times the word "Man" is mentioned in the Constitution? Zero.
He's a hack if I've ever seen one
I think "can't buy me love" is so cute because it reminds me of the movie scene where the guys jump and play uwu
Going to the BBMAs!#BBMAsTopSocial BTS
Interpretation of how the Mausoleum of Augustus may have looked. #ieda
Captain America in the next avengers
but this is the type of shit y'all choose to support on youtube. no comment
"Did you consult with DOJ ethics officials before you "enlisted Rod Rosenstein to participate in a charging
Can you help find Zakisha Lawrence, 15, who is #missing from #Cardington. She has links to the #Harrow area.
I just read the relevant portions of the letter from Special Counsel Bob Mueller to Attorney General Bill Barr into the
My dog of 12 years (my dads best friend) just recently passed, so my mom got a pillow with his picture on it for my
the poster background are a photo of mao, the red army marching and a chinese take out menu lol
Oh, how it aches and it aches You make me wanna die What have I become? I'm a fucking monster. When all I wanted
TODAY IN JUDICIARY: the former Arizona Senate President, used House rules to successfully table the
Sen. Dianne Feinstein: The Mueller Report says that Trump told the White House counsel to lie to cover up for him. Bill
Such injustice as I witnessed today damages the fabric of our society profoundly!
20 minutes left of voting!!!!!!! rt, reply or quote with the tags!!! #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
halsey abt the friendship bracelets: "it's just so they remember me when tbey go away and when they get back to korea
Who's ready for some deliciousness?! I shared these Sheet-Pan Fajita Elote Nachos (inspired by plvntfood) on the
Hawaii Senator began by slandering the president and then Barr. Dem Senators
Donald Trump isn't king, and no one is above the law. We know Barr's deceptive "summary" was intended to protect the man in
You know shit is weird in an industry when a selling point of a game is that it DOESN'T have microtransactions lol
"you like this chain? $3.'' - SUGA [#BBMAsTopSocial BTS ]
This is appalling. Hundreds of Ahmadi refugees had to flee to Sri Lanka because they were attacked for being "non-Muslim"
I LOVEEEEE YOU AND MISS YOU! SORRY I COULDN'T CALL! MY PHONE DIED DURING LUNCH!! AND I SEE YOU
Barr is clearly the right man for the job. Dems are making themselves look stupid and having something to hide, more
she's a classic!!!
Get rid of this problem. Keep on praying against her...
But you say you feel the same #BBMAsTopSocial Louis Tomlinson
In the doubt!!!! win now!!!
me: hey can i do something to help my grade? teacher: um...it's May me: sorry, MAY i do something to help my grade
I can hear the racism from here tf
A #BBMAsTopSocial Louis Tomlinson
Thank you for your work hard BRAZIL ARMYs. So proud of you GLOBAL LUV PARTY #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
Maybe you shouldn't have rigged the election in favor of Trump.
i'm confused
as this years met gala approaches, i would just like to remind you all that this is zendaya's world and you're just
Stay strong. This is so sad that a country such as the United States doesn't do anything to stop these types of
The Tories made a huge mistakes by keeping Theresa May as PM. After she failed to get a majority in the disastrous 2017
The best price in Ebay - Apple iPhone 6S Plus 16GB "Factory Unlocked" 4G LTE 12MP Camera iOS Smartphone -
I bet married sex slaps so right knowing you can make love to your partner without sinning
How to make a #WordPress website? Here is a new tutorial. Check it out Guys! Thank for amazing work!
is a snarky, lying, treasonous bootlicker. #BarrHearing #BarrCoverUp #BarrMustGo #BarrResign #TrumpCrimeSyndicate
Lilo and Stitch has been on my mind lately and I forgot how hard Hawaiian Roller Coaster Ride slaps
I know that your life and music are intricately interwoven with beauty and
When its been a long day of school or work and you finally able to lay down in your nice bed.
More planets, badder enemies, and way, WAY more loot. #Borderlands3 brings the mayhem on a scale like never before.
love you since day one #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
Hiw the hell can they defend this? Heads need to roll, Bigtime!!
cos I'm a Muslim
You Know Me Hips Don't Lie lol!
Kamala Harris got Attorney General William Barr to admit under oath that he cleared Trump of criminal wrongdoing
baby forgot to wear the bracelet FKDKDK #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
Baby I would die for you
They have discovered an animal in the dust of Pakistan. It's kind of terrific. It moves like a shrew, although it has mammoth fur.
First of all, I am not ready. Second of all, I am crying. Third of all, amazing picture choice.
halsey abt the friendship bracelets: "it's just so they remember me when tbey go away and when they get back to korea
P was 28 in 2001 when the neptunes started taking off foreal ,we all still got time ...
Seeking asylum is a human right. We shouldn't charge fees to people who are fleeing persecution and violence. "Give
Doesn't want stretch res in the game so people don't get motion sickness but will make
sat sux butt i preferred the act better BUT WOAH PERFECT SCORES IN ENGLISH AND READING .. LEGEND!!!!!!!
livingwellandsuc3 We are all about 4 wheel drives U.S.A only
We are looking to appoint a Human Resources Manager, with responsibility for the development, monitoring and delivery
.@MazieHirono to Barr: "You lied to did exactly what I thought you'd do, that's why I voted against your
Reply your favorite PH ARMY mutuals and tell them "mahal kita, salamat sa pagboto" then ADD THE KEYWORDS + VOTING HASHTAG
Imagine calling people assholes for enjoying a TV show and live tweeting it when you could just not log in until you've
Want the chance to win a #HuaweiP30Lite and some FreeLace headphones? Simply tell us how you would #RewriteTheRules.
If this isn't in my future I don't want it
Jimmy (Baseball) Edmonds would complete this team in so many ways.
CNN: Criminal charges. &gt;&gt; that's right. &gt;&gt; and indeed the mueller report, if I have the stats right, was
Follow and RT for a chance to win this custom Dreamcast -- and yes, it actually plays #RAGE2!
Having been separated quite early in his life from his half-brother Testikles, his mood has been unstable ever since.
I thought Thor was gonna magically lose wheight at some point n it didn't happen
i'm not a big account but can we help this tweet to reach more than 20+ replies and votes so we can give our boys the
"The night is dark and full of terrors...but the fire burns them all away."
Not one thing on this list is about collusion to effect the election. Mueller would have indicted Trump if he had ANYTHING.
I always Beliebed in you
Literally my first reach out if that's the route this goes!
only one person went for the editing challenge. you hate to see it.
aaah goodness is there not a better way to embed videos ontwitter without it being a redirect yt link
Sadly, many of us will take on a defeatist attitude. Instead of that, if we all improved ourselves, laid down
In #FireEmblem: Three Houses, Dimitri is house leader of the Blue Lions and next in line to the throne of the Holy
Please do :) and have a lovely lunch.
Testosterone is not a male hormone. It's a hormone.
The secret for the perfect hair is to wash it once a week.
I'm the Kendall of my family
"i don't know enough to have an opinion about that" is the most underrated sentence in the world
BREAKING - UK MPs pass a motion to declare an environment &amp; climate emergency. This has seen them start to #TellTheTruth
GOD IS GOOD, GOD IS GREAT THANK U FOR ANOTHER DAY
Fanartists, ficwriters. We study the characters, we dig deep in meanings. We are able to show point of views we haven't
This discredited conspiracy theorist MISLED the American people for nearly two years about a HOAX. Schiff should resign
I just voted for BTS for #BBMAsTopSocial at the 2019 Billboard Music Awards. RT to vote too!
TYPES OF ARMYS RN: 1. VOTING AF 2. PULLING AN ALL-NIGHTER 3. SLEEPY BUT STILL VOTING 4. SLEEPING 5. EXCITED AF FOR BTS
Kamala Harris got Attorney General William Barr to admit under oath that he cleared Trump of criminal wrongdoing
Just say yikes and move on with your life
taehyung looking like a whole art student...*CHEFS KISS*
[A349] Hello You RTx3490! #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
All the best for your performance!!!! #BBMAsTopSocial BTS (@BTS_twt)
Sen Hirono becomes the first Democrat on Senate Judiciary Committee to say this to AG Barr: "You should resign..."
check this out if you rly rly wanna be spoiled. #lucifer
Like so many things, I think the first time it washes over us it feels good, but as we get further
‘Authorities need to act when necessary. If companies don't give information about how long a product will last, then
If that was in a game he'd square it for Clicky
606FE9E8 :Battle ID I need backup! Lvl 75 Celeste Omega
"Who killed you? Your mother?" "No." "Your father?" "No." "Your brother?" "No." "Your sister?" "No." "Your
You have let 4chan troll you. It's like when they made milk racist.
This is a little project I've been working on lately. I love Pokemon and Tamagotchis so I thought it'd be fun to mix them
None... I use them but not paid if you see what I mean
Peeair Trudeau wrote the racist "White Paper" and not once has Justin apologized or denounced his dad's hate speech.
If you are a man who believes women should be protected in the constitution from discrimination based on sex—retweet
If your lover rolls up their sleeves, gets their hands dirty and is too busy taking care of your own grass, they
Obv never visited your homepage, and have no idea if that message has always been existed, nor do I
Building The #RaspberryPi: Raspberry Pi 3 B+ Complete Starter Kit #RaspberryPiStarterKit
Emotionally unavailable, physically I'm there though because healing overrated.
Ted Cruz wouldn't know the truth if it slapped him across his empty head.
Not just in #Caracas but also across #Venezuela like #Guayana marchers mobilizing this morning demanding the return of
Communication has come a long way in 100 years. Alcock &amp; Brown first transatlantic mail carriers &amp; today we have
Lindsey Graham: "Trump is a fucking idiot." Wow, GOP truth bomb. Did not expect. /s #BarrLied
Condolences to the family of John Singleton. His seminal work, Boyz n the Hood, remains one of the most searing, loving
.@SenKamalaHarris has a habit of tripping up witnesses. She came out the gate tripping up #Barr. The women are running
Ladies: Are you a Mary Sue? Make sure before having a narrative! Ask yourself three questions: 1) Am I a woman? 2)
Another unrealistic body standard being pushed on women smh
And is there LITERALLY a World Government? As in one president/gov, with all others today not in
We're hiring in Hammond, LA! Click the link in our bio to apply to this job and more: Office Manager at Aspen Dental #Office #OfficeLife
I've realized I really don't like a lot of people?
Married 19 times, 16 ex wives, 3 current wives, 46 kids, 200 grandkids, ALL of his wives were teenagers when he married
you're so fast! &gt;•&lt; #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
high school: college isn't a joke college:
WIND ADVISORY IN LANCASTER - STRONG WINDS IN THE ANTELOPE VALLEY AREA - PROCEED WITH CAUTION
Listen to this story and check out this related, fascinating collection of facts, faces and
BREAKING NEWS: Senator Van Hollen Calls for AG Barr to Resign for Lying to Congress
AG Barr. It is readily evident that someone shit in your cereal. Do you agree? Yes or no?
Saying this for whoever needs to hear it: Choosing divorce is NOT a personal failing, a lack of responsibility or a
HALSEY crashes our BTS interview to give the scoop on their BBMAs performance! #BBMAsTopSocial
Uber driver : " hahah oops sorry wrong turn " Me already late to wherever I'm going:
lol. I ended up buying something for an art project with my cupcake money.
I keep wondering why people have never heard of anything like this before. If you're a retro gamer, it should be hard not to
NEWS: 16 security personnel got martryd in #GadchiroliNaxalAttack NDTV: 16 Martryd in #Gadchiroli Republic: Why has the
Roger that....firefighters will vote Trump! The union may not be representing its membership appropriately
From my observation, I believe the more FGM survivors come out the more it will make an
The Detroit #RedWings today signed center Joe Veleno to a three-year entry-level contract.
Please retweet if you think there should be a global ban on trophy hunting.
Check out what I just added to my closet on Poshmark: Bracelet/ring combo. via #shopmycloset
Here's something that school didn't teach you kids.
I don't know what to tell you. I'm not a fortune teller.
SonicFox got locked out for 12 hours for goofing on TERFs as a general group in a video game. I can't remember the last time
Been watching the Senate Judiciary hearing with AG Barr. Several Senators (all Dems) have impugned
you don't have to resist, let it happen!!!!
Harris' block of questioning was must-see TV. That was legendary. A goosebump-producing, history-making
we were even more vanilla growing up ... I was in my 30s the first time I ate a blueberry
So if I murder him, will I get no jail time as I have had no prior arrests and it's only one victim?
#Job vacancy at for a Senior Scientist - Fish Genetics. For more info and to apply:
This is my vote for BTS for the #BBMAsTopSocial Top Social Artist Awards.
When the conversation just flows and the energy matches
Kamala Harris got Attorney General William Barr to admit under oath that he cleared Trump of criminal wrongdoing
Trust me, when someone helps you and they're struggling too, that's not help thats love
have you BEEN 2 HEAVEN?? google JILET OIER BOUI 4 info on her (low flat fee) HEAVEN locations, offering
This is what happens when Barr is asked a carefully worded question. He can't figure out how to answer it the way
Fan of Check out this behind-the-scenes preview of tonite's performance on the -Rock
I'm spinning to win what I want on #instantwingame
Urban Meyer never called a offense BTW
why is no one talking about how he's probably the softest uncle,, how he'd tell morgan about his war machine stories
I'm just an emotional ass person im sorry
Shopping is so much fun until you run out of money and start begging for discounts.
which jobs we finna get ?
Hmmmmm interesting didn't peep that. I don't know if they will explore that. It would be dope to see
IMPORTANT information from a lawyer for those who will attend the protest on May 10. READ THIS #freebritney
Sun Ra, Space is the Place, film 1970
She also had health records for maternal and paternal bloodlines. She offered a health guarantee. She had me sign
The very abridged story of Icarus
Throwing stones in a glass house..........................
This Will Be The Biggest Disruption In Higher Education via
the lead-in, the headline, the subtitle. everything here is beautiful
Easily some of the most incredible tornado footage I've ever seen.
#Republican #Republics #SouthCarolina was lying right at your face during the #Barr hearing.
Chloe is blue because she was sent from heaven. Lucifer is red because he was the ruler of hell. Eve is green
It's a form of nickel defense. Big nickel with the safety playing the slot. Two LBs in the middle
Well they will break that habit if they sign Luca. Furthest thing from a talented keeper. #Terrible #Nepotism
"Never be deceived that the rich will allow you to vote away their wealth." —Lucy Parsons #MayDay
Goiken Muyou: Anarchy in the NIPPON - Sega Saturn Publisher:Kiss Entertainment Developer:Kiss Entertainment
My friend, I invite you to take walk/ drive through some of our hoods see the young men huddled together
UPDATE!!!! I now have full legal &amp; sole Custody of my kids for the time being if u see my kids &amp; they mother or anyone
Win the cup for Botch!
The book "Iran's Emissaries of Terror: How mullahs' embassies run the network of espionage and murder" is released today
Sure, give your DNA to the government I'll stick with my phrenology calipers thank you very much
some random parent: say thank you little baby: tank you :) me:
he has a Tesla as well
Taxpayers should demand these Trump-hating, Barr bashing Democrats repay their salaries. This Barr hearing is a
Kamala Harris got Attorney General William Barr to admit under oath that he cleared Trump of criminal wrongdoing
Girl I cant do that math rn
An extremely British letter to the editor regarding roast potato etiquette.
Barr admitted he made a charging decision without reviewing the evidence. He is trying to drown ‘his baby' but we're giving it CPR
I really hope you do "do better". The NYCT Subway is still a mess
GO TED GO #BarrHearing the great senator from Texas
Civic continues to lead U.S. passenger car sales, driven by strong retail performance in April. Honda truck sales rise 2.7%
CoE should do its job and stop the isolation. As CoE remain silent, death news comes from hungerstrikers.
IS HE BOO BOO THE FOLLIN USLANSF
Google's Most-Searched Boy Band So Far in 2019 1. 2. The Beatles 3. Jonas Brothers 4. Backstreet Boys 5. One
YAAAAAY!! STAYS WE DID IT!! We successfully raised enough donations to fund all of the banners for both Newark days!!
.@SenKamalaHarris: Has the president or anyone at the White House ever asked or suggested you open an investigation into
i hate it when that happens #BBMAsTopSocial + BTS (@BTS_twt)
If you see this tweet, reply and qoute with the voting tags,, yoongi said he wants to win one out of two awards
greatly appreciate all i am learning from u on radio prog/podcasts! u have filled in so many
U leaving me was foolish
what do I do. And tell me why you chose your answer
Lindsey Graham rushing to wrap up the hearing after knocks Bill Barr somewhere past the Space Station
Yes, Taehyung is really built like that. Tae is so bootaeful! See what I did there? Global Luv Party. [#BBMAsTopSocial +
Lol you're so damn positive
I just voted for BTS for #BBMAsTopSocial at the 2019 Billboard Music Awards. RT to vote too!
Listening to the Democrats politic during the questioning of AG Barr, you'd think the
Apologies for using wrong twitter handle regarding Now Corrected. Thank you for solid backing on
Last minutes to vote for #BBMAsTopSocial BTS (@BTS_twt) reply/tweet/RT the tags! let's give everything in this last 20
[A349] Hello You RTx3490! #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
.@washingtonpost: FALSE claim that no one but the rich got #TaxCuts |
Yea the public learned Barr's lack of Candor. Not one time did Barr correct a senator
[LEGENDADO] Entrevista com BTS e Halsey sobre a performance do BBMAs #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
Eileen Talks More Aches &amp; Pains of Menopause A.Vogel UK May 01, 2019 at
"And I've considered every consequence, the collateral damage, and how it might compound when an eye for an eye
I mean the only way to really deny it is to just say its fake. Idk but they dont seem fake to me.
V thankful I didn't get sick after Saturday night's storm
Are any of these GOP cowards on the going to stand up for America, or are they all feckless enablers
I'm the Kendall of my family
Hey, academics! Do you have this article or have access to it and time to download it? The article is "Tenacious
Many college grads feel their grip on middle class loosening via &gt;&gt;&gt;Because
Ugh, Josh Hawley is insufferable. What a giant step down from
If you really care about someone, show them, tell them, and don't ever stop doing that.
Huge news from as announced his retirement with immediate effect. RPTV spoke to his
wtf i love grunge now
Me driving back home knowing that I failed my exam but I can now enjoy my summer
A compelling read - The dream, repetitive and detailed, haunted him years ago. Now the dream is back, and Curt is seeing
The best ways to save and spend money in your 20s and 30s, according to financial historian #investinyou (In
just to be very clear. im blocking EVERYONE that tells trans armys to not be angry at cardi b. im blocking EVERYONE that
The #A100 list of influential Asians, Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders (AAPIs) honors
Will we ever see this iconic moment with Spider-Man and Falcon in the MCU?
The 3 DC products I have are already a stretch, and I use them sparingly. I get my hair cut twice a year at most.
The reaction of this kid when his favourite team scored is the best thing you will see today. This is absolutely
I don't get MAD easily. I get annoyed easily. MAJOR difference.
I'm a tiny account but if you see this tweet, please retweet, reply and quote! #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
Then again, the Civil War might
My general impression of this circus is that the democrats are still under the impression that
My take on a #SonicMovie redraw. Really starting to notice how Sonic X inspired my style is, love them chunky
One fmr manager told us club cut down on overtime costs by leaning on undocumented employees to work
BUT A RAPIST GETS NO PRISON TIME?!!!? WTF IS WRONG WITH PEOPLE! FREE THEM
Move like a drug dealer and stay confidential - better life.
Lil xan On one: Celina Powell got you off that thot juice
This was AWESOME! told and me about their #BBMAs dance rehearsal with how they
In today's installment of The Hypocrite, we revisit Lindsey Graham in Feb of 2016.
.@LindseyGrahamSC-Put down the Kool-Aid, bro. You look pathetic and ridiculous. Reading out texts from Strzok. What the hell
Mueller clearly wanted to give Barr a report he couldn't release without weeks of work to redact grand jury and
The new ffh trailer is coming. They're going to talk about Tony. I am not ready.
Follow and RT for a chance to win this custom Dreamcast -- and yes, it actually plays #RAGE2!
Not hard to see why is the most hated person in the Senate.
A #BBMAsTopSocial Louis Tomlinson
Honestly it took all her strength to stay firm and not pick her child back up to
For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness. - Ralph Waldo Emerson

AG Bill Barr is clearly not good off the cuff and very strategic questioning has got him stuttering
When you ran for pres I thought you had some integrity. Now zero. You went from
Have you seen him? #missing
yeah but the title was misleading, look at this
There's a big part of me that wants it to end an other wants to just stop trying to fix it
my professor watching me cry about my grade at the end of the semester
When medical tests proved that the reason Phelps is the most elite butterfly athlete in the world is because he produces
Barr: We have to stop using the criminal justice system as a political weapon
But the sick bus driver who raped a 14 y/o gets no prison time???? Y'all have me fucked up
If this isn't in my future I don't want it
5 Ways to Help Shelter Dogs When You Can't Adopt via
Thanks to Kassie, Martin, Lauren, (and especially for compiling the mosaic (all night))!
I will laugh when the right has had enough. All hell will break loose and
But the sick bus driver who raped a 14 y/o gets no prison time???? Y'all have me fucked up
you can actually hear this gif.. I'm stressed out
FYI I heard but could not see rehearsal... But incredible! #BTSArmy
[#SCAN] 01.05.19 - EXO 'PRESENT ; gift' Photobook | cr. broom_120408
They're minorities, I'm in
guys let's just all get cozy and watch Silver Spoon forget future Daiya angst I just wanna watch Farming School Simulator
this sounds amazing, and coupled up with the visuals, i'm so excited to
hopekook made this happen
UCC suspends 3 NBS TV staff over #BobiWine protests. UCC executive director Godfrey Mutabazi has ordered for the
We can't function as a nation of law if we can't trust the Attorney General to tell the truth. Reporting of Mueller's
i completely forgot about this one
Morris just lifted the leg.. ( Blink once ) Dhoni just whipped the bail.. Third umpire declared its out!
might fuck around and go missing for a few months
In AP English in high school I could write a 4 page essay in 50 minutes but now it takes me a week to mentally prepare
#BBMAsTopSocial EXO I can do it!
Loyalty And Honestly Means Everything And What I Value The Most
Lol Cruz trying to make Barr look like a patriot. He is not by any means.
To witness s stumpings live today - u understand how seasoned a cricketer and a legend he is !! Not even a
An amazing book! Thank you to you for writing it and for publishing it.
y'all wanna see the worst thing in the world
Texas increased oil &amp; gas production, lowered emissions, &amp; has a booming economy No on was charged a CARBON TAX!
it's scary to find someone that makes u happy as fuck. u give them all ur attention, they're the first person u want to talk
Okay, we are going to RETWEET AS MUCH AS WE CAN, AND YOU WILL DO THE SAME MENTION US WITH THE TAG TO RETWEET YOU
Certified is the key word. Food handlers card etc..
If there's one club that deserves to go up is great season never mind the playoffs we still going up #MOT
it's 2am and i woke up just to tweet this hHH we're in our final hour !! everybody keep it up for just a little bit longer
Thank you Barr
Pulwama attack happened on 14th feb 2019 by Jaish-e-Mohammed, 300 JEM terrorists killed, Handler and mastermind of
If Dems across the country aren't utterly appalled by the grandstanding Dem Senators all but whipping AG Bill Barr
May Day! May Day!! Your Attorney General is crashing the plane in front of the Senate!!!
Can i just be the same ? Rt to vote for Louis Tomlinson for #BBMAsTopSocial
Keith Law has always been a
If this isn't in my future I don't want it
I always feel like I'm interrupting them because they're too cute and intimate I-
I want a Subway club, New York cheesecake pancakes from iHop, a chicken chimichanga from Hacienda, and chicken
Should the American people be grateful that made a fool of himself trying to by nude pics of our
of briberies
BJP is a political front of Hindutva terror. This photograph tells us about their relationship.
And now, I'm finding out that Mariah has announced her Vegas residency.
Kamala Harris got Attorney General William Barr to admit under oath that he cleared Trump of criminal wrongdoing
He's not the first one to steamroll her.....
Did you know that our BioSafe products stay fresher for longer and also massage your Pups gums to help reduce plaque and
And no, they aren't always victorious by their own rules either. But each loss only further contributes to their
Gmorning Easy does it Life is big and we are tiny (so tiny) So easy does it Start with hmmf what day is it Start with ow
On just now they were interviewing casters lawyer who specifically said trans women
.@KamalaHarris elicited what seemed to me to be a pretty astonishing admission from Barr that neither he nor Rosenstein
a quick procrastination doodle of todo i miss him
thats all i ever ask for is the truth
Congratulations to FC for winning the 2018/19 League 1 Grounds Team of the Season #BRFC #EFL #leagueone
i am not an attorney but i am guessing that 'not bothering to fuckin review at the underlying evidence' is something actual
Can you all make this tweet reach 1000 retweets and 200 replies in one hour? Reply below with your favorite pictures,
Barr told Sen. Cory Booker that he's not sure what he means when he says the Trump campaign "sought to benefit" from material
WHAT THE FUCK.
Amazing turnout for our 1st Cell Path M&amp;M talk. Thank you Lorrette for kicking off with this
Mr Aesop, Mr Gebler and I are looking forward to tomorrow pm's launch of our new book 'Aesop's
A #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
Would you ever vote for a party which has third-rate leader like this? While her brother says sorry in SC for the
Hirono lied like a rug...
UPDATE: Sadiq cannot claim ignorance as a defence - Sadiq was specifically challenged over Malik's Facebook posts last
I AM READYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!!!! #BBMAsTopSocial EXO [E]
guys i got whiplash when i realized i needed to make this PLEASE
"Like roads and bridges, #affordablehousing is a long-term asset that helps communities and families thrive." -
So when is Jongdae going to give us the rock cover we deserve #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
Lecture? No I believe the word I used was conversation, are you afraid to have one? Cause im not.
tony stark, iron man, howard potts
teamwork makes the dream work. [@BTS_twt #BBMAsTopSocial BTS]
bet i go see the ugly dolls movie to celebrate that finals are over
Thank you all for watching the #Borderlands3 Gameplay Reveal Event! The day isn't over yet! Keep watching
I'm the Kendall of my family
Instead of relying on animal models and limited human testing to predict drug interactions, the hope is StemoniX's
Oh, this is great: Elements of Content Strategy, a downright *stellar* book, is available to read for
Don't be afraid to start all over again. This time you are not starting from scratch, you're starting from experience.
When I see a black woman &amp; they get that don't speak to me attitude look on their face I still hit them with that "How
Thrilled to announce LEGEND OF THE FIRE PRINCESS, an original graphic novel with NEW content including a BIG REVEAL!
"What shall a man profit if he gains the whole world but loses his soul" - Barr testifies about the Mueller
There, Fixed it 4 her. Hillary, where was your outrage over Christians being murdered on Easter? The Day of Christs
4/ behavior. Blocking of tweets or locking of Twitter accounts from persons who merely had articulated their position on
"You had all semester to prepare for this final" Me:
Sounds about right tbh ! Lmaoo.
I only use fountain pen. Black ink. Lamy. Pelikan. Waterman. Have them all.
she is... so beautiful what the fuck
Um... I don't think was listening. Because the timing hasn't really been the point so
Rent-A-Child Services Thriving At The Border kids are being rented to an adult to format a fraudulent family unit so that
Just like this, fall, fall, fall for you Into your swamp, fall, fall I'm falling Endlessly #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
America is lost in a crowd of thieves. It is now a kleptocracy
Find a fantastic selection of beautifully handcrafted gifts for mom at Ashwurks!
When you realize that you may not be loved the way you want to be/need to be loved beyond self, it's an easy path to walk.
#WIPWorldBuilders D21: People can speed up their reflexes/perception of time, or physically slow movement and
Captain America in the next avengers
lmfaoooooo the energy my dumbass NEEDS
#NowPlaying Uptown Babies Don't Cry - Max Romeo &amp; The Upsetters #TDS With And
Yes I know a little
THE CURRENT GAP IS 75.017M HOW ABOUT WE MAKE IT 80M GAP? BEFORE THE VOTING CLOSES AT 4AM KST? WE ONLY HAVE 1H LEFT
"The person who leaked to that being surveilled during the transition period, If you can
Sen. says press reports suggest FBI agents "hid the existence and results" of the Trump counterintel
Follow and RT for a chance to win this custom Dreamcast -- and yes, it actually plays #RAGE2!
I genuinely laughed out loud at this
Proud AG's Office is supporting in Bde Maka Ska appeal. We need a reliable mechanism for renaming places that evoke
Have you seen you can get free gift cards!
honestly i feel bad for every girlfriend tom will have ever have after zendaya because y'all are fucking crazy hardcore shippers
Don't worry if you're going through a rough time! Keep calm and turn towards Allah.
OUR LAST MASS VOTING AND STREAMING PARTY TODAY AT 9 PM KST! 'GLOBAL LUV PARTY' is the keyword we will be trying to
Today is Lupus awareness and Fibro awareness month. I will be posting tomorrow about the charity streams and the
Coulda saved a pup. Coulda gave that dog an awesome, loving and caring home. But nope. He wasn't cool enough.
Whoever you see me with this summer, mind your business.
i will for you xiumin #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
If you're treating your girl right, giving her attention &amp; respect, making her happy, nobody gone take her from you.
This was quite a moment.
I need more black clothes
My friends whenever a gal put herself on my snap: GAAAAAALS Me:
I made her who she is she could never play me
Ill never forget that time tess told me to look at her back tire because the car was shaking and bouncing and i look out
Writing is simply perfect! Great escapism! #Suspense, twists &amp; turns keep the momentum up! KILL AND RUN is
here's a pic of pikachu to brighten your day aha
i hope YOU know you only deserve the best
i hope that May, June, and July are full of growth &amp; blessings.
Voting for the last 20 mins BTS #BBMAsTopSocial
Check out what I just added to my closet on Poshmark: NWT Coach Disney online exclusive sold
How you wanna do relationship shit with no title, sounds like bullshit to me
I couldn't find the pics from ya 16th but it's ok don't need pics just ya dick
I really get mad when people ask a lot of questions. Idc.
Remember, don't spam! Tweet like a human! Check your spelling! Let's get it!!! #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
I will design your Dream Logo please check this
Got to chat with They're performing #BoyWithLuv with for the 1st time at the #BBMAs! They also told
Spoilt hotwife Would you spoil your wife like this?
Will I ever be ready for a relationship? Probably not
Last 30 minutes of voting, If you see this on your timeline please RETWEET and REPLY to this tweet with the keywords
I'm single and I'm not looking . We can talk but keep y'all feelings to yourself I'm straight on allat.
I'm not popular.
i just found these and i honestly dont know how to act anymore
i know im annoying but this is an exo lockdown
If Dems across the country aren't utterly appalled by the grandstanding Dem Senators all but whipping AG Bill Barr
Just a few more days to see my artwork at Go check it out it before some of the work travels to Houston
I'm sure lmao
ARMY LEGENDS! WE ONLY HAVE 1 HOUR LEFT TO VOTE ON TSA! PLEASE DO YOUR BEST TO VOTE! DONT FORGET TO VOTE ON THE WEBSITE
I tried my hand at drawing the hand.
me returning to the restaurant that gave me food poisoning
I just voted for EXO for #BBMAsTopSocial at the 2019 Billboard Music Awards. RT to vote too!
The Harris questioning was the only time Barr seemed genuinely flummoxed and on the defensive.
Ngl This was the best phase of my life
One of my cousins sent this to our group chat and they dont know bts at all..the moment i heard the IM DYING
So he wasn't saying the letter was inaccurate, but was worried about media coverage and whether his narrative would
here's chris hemsworth panicking because he's trying to name all the marvel movies
You're right. The entire operation should be shut down immediately. You inform the
.@BTS_twt's "Fake Love" has re-entered the US iTunes chart.
This is the message the GOP's support of Brett Kavanaugh has sent: you can be accused of sexual assault by multiple
How quickly things have changed... a couple months ago the UK Parliament debates climate for the first time in three
Conservatives want Catholic bishops to declare pope a heretic | Article [AMP] | Reuters
If this isn't in my future I don't want it
Barr is over the target then
Arabella the Serial killer thinks unthinkable things about art and thinks unthinkable things about art .
Love is the greatest weapon of all.
I just snort-laughed
Hey ... Happy birthday...i am late....i didn't knew that it was your bday... May god bless u with every
has a captain pick analyzer You can check captain scores of each gameweek
A terrorist attack
You bet!
Can't you hear me, you have to trust me Baby just don't give a damn Promise, promise me GLOBAL LUV PARTY {
"In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends." -Martin Luther King
I aspire to achieve Jungkook's level on unbothered-ness, in my life. (idk if that's even a word) look how cutely he's
This is outrageous: Sixty of America's largest corporations paid zero federal taxes. Zero. As president, I'll lift up
RT if you want this again! GLOBAL LUV PARTY #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
Barr has earned a taxpayer funded steak dinner he's not from NJ! Our senators are stupid, but not THAT stupid!
Noticias de food startups Gracias a #alimentación #1demayo
I love that are playing Somebody To You on tour because it's the first song I ever heard of them
Arya is back home since she was not happy about being in a new place. Sansa is still on the job and the people
youre so aggressive it's actually ridiculous bless u
Was Barr sworn in on a redacted Bible?
Hi bitch if I don't see you today I'm gonna commit
tequila hit different when you're not afraid of the tequila. trust me this makes sense
Look at the line-up for tonight! Wow! My last vote for my boys before getting into meetings. RT to vote!
Trump furious after firefighters endorse Joe Biden: "I've done more for Firefighters than this dues sucking union will
Sometimes your boyfriend is over protective because he knows you are easy to get, small barbecue fish you have spread
Well, uh, you know what man. Jokic is better, his team won more games, and he's not hurt all the time. So yea, give me
#Cats, Better Than People T-shirt. Funny #CatLover's tee. Makes a great #gift. via
You Traitor go back to your own country
Ready to serve a real woman? is training subs now! #findom #femdom #mistress #cuckold #humanATM #walletrape
Many gonna get it right. It popped in my yt recommendation recently so I remember.
id lick the sweat from her ass crack
Just get Jose in the Palace dugout ASAP
a hard working man is SO ATTRACTIVE
what's so good about the way they've handled incantava so far is the fact that edo is making ele a much happier and
Bro everyone I know before I got more into the scene is in Poland rn fuck why can't I be there fuck finals and work
I just voted for BTS for #BBMAsTopSocial at the 2019 Billboard Music Awards. RT to vote too!
Reached Bhubaneshwar, heading towards Puri after addressing the media. Will seek the blessing of Lord Jagannath to
When you apologize for something, that warrants you from ever doing it again. Do not apologize for something that you're
my friends: hey wyd me, drowning in love and appreciation cause they took the time to text ME:
Imagine walking out of Walmart and u just see someone pouring milk all over themself in the parking lot
Did read the WaPo story before making this reckless accusation against AG Barr? "When Barr pressed him
It is really fu€king clear that none of the read the
You ydiot are you mean to say clipping the video changes the mentality? Whats would be the conclusion it the
SCOOP: A 16-year-old unaccompanied immigrant boy died in US government custody in Texas on Tuesday, officials said. Story:
Niggas be worried bout how I get mine they forget to get theirs
i really want to do this but im tired.
AG #Barr gives a perfect slap down to Feinstein's failed attempt to generate some obstruction "That's not a crime"
He earns that money because of
Just to set the record straight, the quality of the sachet is deceivingly good as far as my IV's are concerned.
Celebrating the Women's NCAA title then and now.
Holy Holy Y'all! I WON A PUSHCART PRIZE!
I'm texting with my sister about that very thing right now. I'm certain I've been having hot
ugh i NEED to try the green tea
AG Barr: "The evidence is now that the President was falsely accused of colluding with the Russians... Two years of his
Open for a surprise!
Then later they will be singing about not walking alone
Witch-hunt is done! Me comes the real investigation! IG is coming! Winning!
Read about the amazing Berthe Morisot here:
As strange as it sounds though, the story appears rather serious. It involves a plot to start an armed conflict at the
One can't be a Christian &amp;anti-Semitic. Our Savior was a Jew from the line of King David.And, as for
Skypes, customs, photosets!
imagine nebula flinching the first time she lost because she expected a violent reaction as usual but tony just said
A little louder please
‘Stephen's case is horrible – what else does it tell us about how the DWP is operating?' is calling
Before they rebranded, Identity Evropa trained members in how to discuss white nationalism while side-stepping accusations
Can I kick my own ass for being a dipshit
Time to rearrange the sock drawer
I get it.
Sometimes the right thing to do is the hardest thing to do.
me: hey can i do something to help my grade? teacher: um...it's May me: sorry, MAY i do something to help my grade
What else brings smile on faces like this if not Credit Alert?? Oh I know, it's #SociaLiga !!! If you were not there at
Dear Democrats: The American people aren't stupid, they know what spying is and no amount of gaslighting will change
Just shut please on the legacy box the subtitle masters of spinjitzu was left out to so what are
for the last 1hour I just retweet all tweets I saw with (#BBMAsTopSocial BTS )
EVERY TIME I SEE HIS NAME. "Donald Trump is a race-baiting, xenophobic, religious
[A348] *u* RTx3480! #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
Bold of you to assume i will stop bringing back prince yoongi onto your timelines. #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
I just voted for Ariana Grande for #BBMAsAchievement at the 2019 Billboard Music Awards! You can vote at
Comey Pens Op-Ed on ‘What Happened' to Bill Barr: Trump ‘Eats Your Soul in Small Bites'
SenFeinstein says - President tried to change account of what happened to make himself look better. Barr - "that's not
It is a continuous and collective effort and process to end FGM/C. Say No TO FGM/C.
So happy how Klopp left every body confused with his team selection. He is the best no matter what the outcome
Today the House voted to block Trump from pulling out of the Paris Agreement. This one step in a long journey to combat the
Crazy how ppl will steal your photos and pretend to you . . This exceeds flattery and falls heavily on the contrary
What is Touched by a Rectangle?
Hey there Can you just stop fooling &amp; respond to my messages?
book Charting the Major Forex Pairs: Focus on Major Currencies download your book #forex
NEW JERSEY -- "With all this going on, I don't like people knowing I'm Jewish," she said. "I have a few Star of David
Thanos on the way to the club
I just voted for BTS for #BBMAsTopSocial at the 2019 Billboard Music Awards. RT to vote too!
Follow and RT for a chance to win this custom Dreamcast -- and yes, it actually plays #RAGE2!
Nigga said "Who all going?"
so you guys are going to be talking about this dragon show every monday morning then??
Chopped and screwed ? You from Florida and don't know the difference between SLOWED and chopped music ?
YES LIKE I DONT EVEN WANNA IMAGINE A COLLAB BUT WHAT IF
I need help please there is no option to cast to my tv on the GWN app there was, how do I cast to
............I made these four lokos taste delicious
console her, clean her up, ice her face, kiss her on the forehead then tell her good luck in Round 2 and send her back
i think about the time tommy lee jones met jim carrey a lot
That what we're calling it when white dudes get called out on their bullshit now, 'The Kavanaugh Treatment'?
#Barcelona vs. #Liverpool live Our guide reveals all you need to know to watch Barcelona vs Liverpool Watch
Happy may day, workers of the world!
Follow and RT for a chance to win this custom Dreamcast -- and yes, it actually plays #RAGE2!
Going to a play tomorrow with my friends
"No President in history has endured such vicious personal attacks by political opponents. Still, the President's
The #A100 list of influential Asians, Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders (AAPIs) honors
AOC of the senate.
My advice to any Labour MP today: refuse to defend Jeremy Corbyn lauding a book containing classic antisemitic tropes.
Ok thank you #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
"Fixxxer's Guy" here. See you Friday night! #MetFam
All the way down that throat
End 6th | YSU 5, EMU 1 The Penguins went down in order for the first time today in the bottom of the sixth.
Puto didn't was
Huge plaudits, and rightly so, for after stunning maiden victory in the new
Raise your hand if you're convinced that Senator Hirono was just reading the Krassenstein brothers twitter feed while
The AG distorted the gist Of Mueller's report—and Bob's pissed. The President's crony's A fraud and a phony? Wow. What
Thanks to you guys twitter took action against the nasty person who was mean to Harley. If it wasn't for all of
The All Time Worldwide Box Office grosses have become my favourite thing to bore people about. Also Endgame has
Mueller is peeved that Barr's 4 page summary didn't "fully capture the context, substance and nature" of his 400 page
In Opinion James Comey writes, "Amoral leaders have a way of revealing the character of those around them"
He Trynna Settle I'm Changing The Subject
I saw my ex kissing her new boyfriend in front of a store. We greeted as she asked what I was doing there. I told her my
The rise of right-wing extremism in this country is of serious concern, and instead of condemning it, the Liberals &amp;
I identify as a text message because all I ever do is fckng send it
Have confirmation that Iowa will announce, as early as today, that it's hiring Jay Niemann, 58, as an assistant coach.
Road construction outside Java is one of the infrastructure priorities in the era of President Joko Widodo
Tamils are a distinct Nation irrespective of what the power sharing arrangement is. We aren't a Nation because of
But on my mans car though? Smh lol
it's nice, i can buy myself a sweet tea and place bets with sydnie
CALLING THE ATTENTION OF 19.4M FOLLOWERS OF BTS IF YOU SEE THIS IN YOUR TL RT AND QUOTE OR REPLY WITH TAGS
Exol want a comback.......... Exo All Kill #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
Sen. Mike Crapo: When did DOJ and the FBI learn that the Steele dossier was requested and paid for by the Clinton campaign
Is that the right top?
What about when he lowers his shoulder into people like a running back?
LAUNCH MAG TWEETS BE TYING IN ALL THE SHIT I MISSED IN THE BACK SEAT OF A CAR BACK IN THE DAY...LOL LIKE AS FAR AS RAP BEEF &amp; ETC
THESE WERE MT FAVORITE !
My sociology professor keeps an alphabetic list of new slang terms he learns from students and I will never get over it
You can say what you want about DIA but this is one of the c9ntiest choreos ever I'm obsess
Ariana Grande spotted in the crowd last night in #SWTPortland. #BBMAsAchievement Ariana Grande
"I love you 3,000."
Girlfriend: "I just discovered I'm bisexual" Me:
I WAS RECORDING MY REACTION BUT LOOK WHO I GOT AHSBDHJAJASB HOWBIS THAT EVEN POSSIBLE WHATTEHFUCKJJKJ???!!
i love you
should I just break up with her???
Name all of the EXO members in separate tweets!! #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
It's a crowded field, but I think my favourite BBC moment this week was when a VOX politician used the word "Reconquista" in
A big victory for India. Kudos to PM EAM and the team to have this coup de foudre
Please don't forget Reality Winner
s/o to the people who study months in advance. unu strong, disciplined &amp; determined. can't relate.
Ashley young Manchester United has become a laughable club
.@LindseyGrahamSC on the Mueller report: "Can't say I read it all." What? He's the chairman of the Senate Judiciary
Ha! Anybody else see Barr eyeball the Dems when Ted Cruz was talking about how "some" Senators have been lying
WOW I THINK WE NEED KIM DONGHYUK SPECIAL STAGE WHERE HE SINGS ENGLISH SONGS LIKE WTH WHY IS HE SO SEXY?!
Congrats to Joachim Blichfeld and Trey Fix-Wolansky of Two amazing young men who are
Lindsey Graham's day so far: - Just said "fucking idiot" on live national television - Deranged meltdown about Hillary
Parliament alone can't resolve this. They must #PutItToThePeople. Aforji has a message for his MP Now
As he mf should #TMC
we have less than 30 minutes left! pls know that EVERY vote counts! retweet, reply, tweet the hashtags yourself ... anything
Nerves of steel. And has the will. #KAG2020
As such, he has to treat the president as a client because the president seeks legal counsel for him.
The TSN1040 family is deeply saddened to announce the passing of our friend and colleague Jason Botchford. Our thoughts are
Rip of todays IED blast . I think another time for strike has come for the these heart less community. — feeling emotional
I love slides. fuck shoes rs
I KNOW ..BUT I DON,T KNOW ..
No and I don't go around thinking I have the god given right to
Are we surprised with the results? No. Conclusion: More willy less silly?
less than an hour left to vote if you see this tweet, rt then reply with the voting hashtag #BBMAsTopSocial + BTS and
You know only the communists celebrate May Day, right?
I relate to this: BTS #BBMAsTopSocial
It's down to the wire now ARMY! BTS #BBMAsTopSocial
I'm starting to hate my job more and more each day
Today the House voted to block Trump from pulling out of the Paris Agreement. This one step in a long journey to combat the
Financially — I'm going to win. Career wise — I'm going to win. Mentally — I'm going to win. Emotionally — I'm going to
I've not seen this one either!!! You find treasures
Big,small, all join together. Masood Azhar designated as a terrorist in Sanctions list Grateful to all for
As a bts stan ion gotta worry ab their number being inauthentic and such... not everyone has that luxury tho
Diamonds Look Like Lasers When I'm Jumping On The Stage
If you've ever been an expert at something, then watched a TV program in which someone else claiming to be an expert at
You and Tom are both full of s*** and the mothership of course
Thanks a lot leader for the message of solidarity! Day of fasting on Monday 25th, please visit or
We just saw a preview of the debates
high school: college isn't a joke college:
Anyone watching these hearings who still feels like men are the only people capable of taking down Trump are not watching
I've done more for Firefighters than this dues sucking union will ever do, and I get paid ZERO!
you can bet your dicks i'll wait til midnight to even think abt doing college work due tomorrow morning
Stock is heavily shorted so we might have a lot of volatility either way - my hope is the stock
For anyone who's ever loved &amp; lost, this one is for you! Go watcj "Moonlight" vid
a few more hours after the voting period ends, come on Aeris, we can do this!!! #BBMAsTopSocial EXO [E]
LOL, sure dude. Except here in the real world where they look like shrieking harpies
JW President appeared on to discuss the FOIA lawsuit against the DC Metro: "The government doesn't
Four members of a Sikh family in Ohio were fatally shot in an apartment on Sunday. Their deaths are being investigated
#YorkU alumni - we want to better understand how to communicate with you. Some of you may have received a survey
"Every single student at Bronxdale has at least one leader within the school they trust." Johana Molina, student at
Says the girl who eats DARK CHOCOLATE
#MasoodAzhar designated by UN as a global terrorist. Great! #HafizSayed is also on the list but LeTcontinues its
You ain't gotta like it but you gon respect it
I know paid Twitter when I see it
Support Alt News, a valuable resource against fake news &amp; against toxic falsehoods masquerading as news:
Today is May Day. A day where labor movements fought and continue to fight for our rights. There is still a lot of work to
pls do i beg xxx
the cinematography in this episode of game of thrones was outstanding
Again, I share your concern many in Democratic leadership are NOT stepping up to the task at hand and
The entire Republican Congress is comprised. They're pathetic. #BarrHearing #BarrLied #ImpeachTrump
Also, every station doing an interview with the boys this week is a place we should be increasing interactions/requests.
Domino's Pizza co-founder traded his shares for a Volkswagen.
The McLaren Technology Centre pauses for a minute's silence in honour of our former driver, colleague and friend Ayrton
Of course flipped out. He's doing AG Barr's bidding &amp; supporting the defense of
Via Mueller's letter to Barr – A neat trick by the Washington Post before hearings begin
console her, clean her up, ice her face, kiss her on the forehead then tell her good luck in Round 2 and send her back
This was the most fun I've had in a while hahaha
Garth Lagerwey announces Sounders have won the Cristian Roldan red card appeal. He'll be eligible against the Loons.
Everyone is getting an invite to join that Royale Shitmers' Twitch team and I'm not? Why did I get left out like
In Nigeria, the police used pure water sachets as substitutes for condoms to rape women In Nigeria, the police used pure
Ngl ive been struggling with finding a job. I get hired but don't get hours or shit just doesn't go my way. I've never been
Joke 2: Why did the invisible man turn down the job offer? He couldn't see himself doing it. #BBMAsTopSocial
when she sends you nudes and says it's your turn
&lt; BBMA &gt; Final hour of voting! Are you here until the end? 1 Retweet=1 Vote 1 Reply=1 Vote #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
thinking abt hhow yunho said he wanted to dance to artistic groove and want imshy my heart skipped a beat
When you've had a tough day doing absolutely nothing.
stop playing i always win .
[A343] Are you still awake, EXO-L living in the other side of the world? We wish you a very nice noght of sleep
I Voted EFF in 2016 when it was not fashionable to do so and I will be voting EFF again on 8 May
RT and reply "I will wait for you Xiumin" + the tags or else you're a Xiumin anti #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
if you're a slut for iced coffee and saving the environment (like me), Starbucks is selling a reusable color changing
#BafeletseKaeBo English essay: The day i will never forget...
One of the requirements in the #CharterofTrust is the "Ownership of Cyber and IT Security". Mission accomplished at
"yoongi's got the whole world in his hands" like if you agree retweet if you agree reply with the # if you agree
do you ever just fall in love with the sky?
If you're in Leeds tomorrow (Thursday 2nd) call in at for our blossoms masterclass. Lots of
Idk if I sound dumb but I feel like my feet are getting smaller lmao
How tf are you going in peoples dms being toxic, get a grip kid
"You had all semester to prepare for this final" Me:
[A348] *u* RTx3480! #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
If Rihanna don't put that goddamn red wig on a sing some songs ima start acting ignorant
Imagine you being a maverick and Mega Man X slams you with fire all over his body. Mega Man X is terrifying
Three points on Saturday would mean three straight wins at home and a big leap up the East standings. #BringTheNoise
BILL BARR ADMITTING TO COMMITTING OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE: Barr admits to
Senator Mazie Hirono to Barr: "The American people know that you are no different from Rudy Giuliani or Kellyanne
Did you know: Ukraine assisted the Clinton campaign multiple times There is an ongoing investigation in Ukraine
As a new month begins and my unborn child grows even bigger, I pray for peace, love, happiness &amp; joy throughout this entire month
Ben, all you do is lie
*Comes home from shopping* No one: Me: "OK I'll show you what I got."
I hate that shit
Attorney General Barr should resign. He misled the American people with his inaccurate summary of Mueller's report.
me every time i get home and smell the tuna salad my mom made
you're also too edgy apparently
Ooh what are those nuggets? I've been learning some tidbits !!!
Yates LIED Schiff LIED Strzok LIED Hillary LIED Nadler LIED Comey LIED Obama LIED Warner LIED Clapper LIED Brennan LIED
I got Bruce Banner!!
You'd be surprised how many ppl are observing you from afar on this app and low key wanna be ur friend.
Excellent opportunity to be coached by current Tyrells premiership 15s and international players at
Like stfu and help the kids who are in foster home or in adoption. Stop worrying about females and what they do
I know snitching is sus behavior but our planet is struggling to survive bc of our populations behavior. The car in front
Could i use the beat for a song pls
?¿ i dOnT UnderStanD
my favorite part of endgame was probably when the original six avengers joined hands and sang a gorgeous acapella
Visit me in the Return to Wholeness Unique Boutique every Monday afternoon.
Sir davos trying to give Dany the signal #GameofThrones
I am disappointed by today's decision by the Court of Arbitration for Sports, which will prevent Caster Semenya from
In only 5 days, Harry will be walking the only red carpet that matters. The Met Ball 2019 is set to be one of the biggest in
20 minutes left of voting!!!!!!! rt, reply or quote with the tags!!! #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
Idgaf if yall tired of these lol, open for a mf surprise
I was thinking about that the other day while running errands...being out in the open in public makes me nervous?
Kamala Harris got Attorney General William Barr to admit under oath that he cleared Trump of criminal wrongdoing
God never fails! U've been in situations where u thought u'd never make it out, but u did! U lived through it! U learned
And i don't see any adults in their late 40s talking or complaining about thiss, mostly millennials with twitter
CONFIRMED: After a great deal of speculation, Lamar Odom (@RealLamarOdom) has officially been named co-captain of Enemies!
I always follow back.
[endgame spoilers] - - - when thor is explaining where to get the reality stone and ends up talking about his love life,
Kamala Harris is an idiot. The acting AG recommends charges! He's the friggin acting AG! She outed: Rod Rosenstein is
A different kind of World Cup Trophy #CWC19
The darkness descended on my world when I tried to tweet video but here are some stills of the Duchess of Cambridge
Fuck sake
Born Singer-The Wings Tour GLOBAL LUV PARTY #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
They were labeled as a form of veiled communism, and their attempted coup was thwarted. Despite this, however,
When I died like dis
A Jam Packed Crowd excitedly waiting to welcome their beloved chairman #MazdoorKaBhuttoZindaHai
Check out what I just added to my closet on Poshmark: Summer Days (Green and Coral). via #shopmycloset
I'm not gonna lie. This is an ACTUAL SCENE from Gumball.
Workers of the world unite. Today on #MayDay2019 we celebrate our remarkable forbears, the men and women of Trade Union
Do we really have that much in common? The insistence that all communities are the same is a damaging one "Such
went to my girlfriends house and her sister is swimming in the fish tank...
B4clocks days stated@sunset Luke23;52;54 Jesus died Thursday,buried after dark on the sabbath
Anyways, today at work we got a mysterious letter in the mail with no return address and inside was this:
Kamala Harris got Attorney General William Barr to admit under oath that he cleared Trump of criminal wrongdoing
You gotta be single... my missus moans about me going out Saturday to watch a game...
And yet you want to open coal mines
This is what happens when Barr is asked a carefully worded question. He can't figure out how to answer it the way
If you break a pinky promise you bogus and can't be trusted.
I got: Noel Gallagher's High Flying Birds. via
I really like the top 2 pics in the square!!!!
I'm messing with youuuu
My munchies have been on steroids lately and I been eating peanut butter out the fuckin tub
FoxandFriends make policy for you?
So this random old lady i was sitting next to on my flight was staring at my phone the whole time so i had to catch her
Barr just admitted he did not look at the evidence in the Mueller report. Nor did Rosenstein. Nor did anyone in the
TODAY IS THE LAST DAY PLEASE RETWEET THIS #BBMAsAchievement Ariana Grande
Always Be prepared for ppl to change .. You just never know
really comforting that a school with a minority majority is arresting innocent poc while protecting racist whites
13 people have already won a free year of Netflix! Keep streaming as there are still many more chances to win!
Hey Twitter, my dad builds hexagonal shaped picnic tables that can be wheelchair accessible. He's a felon so this is
gendry when he finds out arya killed the night king #GameofThrones
You too?
I am thinking RICH Mandy Sastri was throwing parties in her dublin village apartments and was putting ideas into ther heads.
RT for a chance to win this flawless #MK11 custom console by and Sub-Zero inspired kicks by Under Armour and Dennis
this is what is meant when it is said that nobody's free until the most abused and neglected of us are free. even as a
sir, this is a parody account. .
As the voting comes to a close, we want to thank all ARMYs for voting for It was an amazing voting
i have a crush on so many people i feel like a filthy little cum rag ready for a load
Go back to sleep Kasich. You're still irrelevant. No one cares what u think.
Sorry I just woke up. No I'm only going at ohnlyy.
.@TylerTheCreator has unveiled a brand new cryptic video, which appears to tease new music. Is his new era on the way?
Man, Ted Cruz is right that senators who made a big deal out of Trump's Russia connections sure look silly now.
When our pain is talking and all we hear are negative thoughts, let's be sure we bring those thoughts under the
Disappointed that the PM of India is permitted to go scot-free after rampant violation of Article 324 &amp; MCC. It is now
Because he's still a traitor.
Help us help vulnerable children at The Family Place. Purchase a $20 raffle ticket for our "WIN Once, GIVE Twice"
cmon brain make the happy chemicals u lump of fuck
For those reading...the WNBA CBA can be complicated so I won't bore you with the details. But the ONLY players who
Help! There's a Southern Baptist Werewolf on my TV. #TedCruz
My DMs are open if you need to talk
A Proposed Texas bill would ban food stamp recipients from buying junk food, soda, energy drinks.
Fuck (and I cannot express this enough) T*u*p supporters &amp; those who voted for him.
Graham better get some control over this hearing. Barr is there as a witness not a stand in pinata. #LetBarrSpeak
He is doing more for his community than any other MP at the moment. As regards Brexit
He also had to be reminded of what he wrote in his 19 page memo on obstruction of justice
.@conroyherald joined &amp; to talk all things &amp;
I surely can do the paper for you. kindly DM me.
Eat the fucking rich.
Full exchange between Senator and Attorney General William Barr: "You did exactly what I thought you'd do, it's
If their absence bring you peace YOU DIDN'T LOSE THEM.
Is anyone else going through life like "I just gotta get past this last difficult week and then it's smooth sailing from
Even five year olds know it is not okay to lie. Barr can't make himself say lying is wrong. I wish the GOP would stand up
how ppl can use those 5 hour energy things without crashing is amazing,
From the beginning to the endgame. Marvel Studios' #AvengersEndgame in now playing in theaters. Get tickets:
Thank you!!
The one who wrote KTL posted these on her IG story. She was thinking to make it into a song. If ever, this song would be
Me driving back home knowing that I failed my exam but I can now enjoy my summer
The Power Of Habit by Charles Duigg (sp?)
ING - Federal Reserve: Keeping the balance: While financial markets continue to price in rate cuts, the Federal
hiii~ i still have so many email accs pending, i have only finished 20+ accs can you help me find someone —
The way #50sWomen are being treated is nothing short of disgusting.
"Do you see what this means—all these pioneers who blazed the way, all these veterans cheering us on? It means
the sonic movie actually looks good as hell
fighting! we got the power #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
Today's contestant may be slightly disappointed this garbage can is empty but it's really thrilled you've joined for
I'll walk closer the the window before I switch to Android
You stupid zapatron bro
LRT I want to nominate that for an award
This the blackest magic trick ive ever seen
Raise your hand if you're convinced that Senator Hirono was just reading the Krassenstein brothers twitter feed while
I saw this in the old testament somewhere..
it's scary to find someone that makes u happy as fuck. u give them all ur attention, they're the first person u want to talk
It's that point in the semester where I don't ever smile
I'm for disBarring the Coverup General.
US STAMP COLLECTION-NEW-USED-OLD-MODERN-HIGH END-CHECK PICTURES ARE ONES YOU GET
I had to create something.... #NotToday #AryaStark #GamefThrones because she is savage and I adore
These guys are such a perfect mix of personalities
This is a mother who has a courage to raise her voice against the fascist and dictatorial country of Turkey! Europe should
We've just forced Parliament to declare a #ClimateEmergency. Now it's time to take the next steps.
6 phone bills, 6 wardrobes, 6 mf's to feed at night, 6 proms, 6 cars at 16, 6 college tuitions, 6 hells, and 6 naws
Most interesting aspect of this Mueller letter/call to Barr is that Mueller didn't find Barr's write-up inaccurate, but
been playing some hayley kiyoko and king princess in the car with my parents. this is a protest. i am NOT a het.
this was not me omg why THE FUCK are people liking this I WHSNEJWW
Michael Moore conveniently avoids the whole torture, homicide, oppression part of the story.
In the "code your own Photoshop" example: many of PS's tricks are algorithms with varying
Hillary is gracious.
Senior was by far the easiest year of high school idk what y'all be talkin bout
Monthlong art, culture celebration slated for Saugatuck – News – Holland Sentinel
lesbians let me hear you make some noise
A Camwhoring Pretty Lady Is What I Am! At Camsoda People Call Me Mioblack #Female
nobody: my damaged ass: i feel like you're lying but okay
El Chapo Cruz moves in for the BJ on Barr :,
Horgan says he's hoping to speak to PMJT (as Ottawa owns the pipeline) about gas prices tonight. "I can't rationalize
Omg ... Bernie has patience unlike any other! I don't know how he can stand answering these ridiculous questions!!
You can make this house your home! Ask me for more info. #realestate
This exchange between Cory Booker and William Barr must go viral. Barr refuses to admonish anything Trump has done
Proud to be Labour everyday. Can we now declare a NATIONAL AUSTERITY EMERGENCY and get that
I don't know my man. My expectations just dwindled.
if you don't add adobo to your eggs you're literally tasteless
MY BANGWOOL RADAR IS TELLING ME THAT YOU'RE NOT VOTING ENOUGH! 100M GAP IS SEXY! I WANT A 100M GAP! TAKE MY EXAMPLE AND
[A346] Some CBX fun to lighten up the voting mood!! &lt;3 RTx3460! #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
The Buhari regime is testing waters with the #AbujaPoliceRaidonWomen. I just hope you guys are aware of what is
When it's the Champions league night
a kid in my class just asked my bio teacher if he could recycle orange peels
.@bts_twt and are performing "Boy With Luv" together for the first time at the #BBMAs tonight. Read Halsey's tribute to
Toyota Camry's and corollas too
Don't treat people as bad as they are. Treat them as good as you are.
I LOVE YOU GUYS SO MUCH GOOD LUCK TONIGHT LOVE YOUUUUU
I just wish he performed young live #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
Thank you for featuring our upcoming event #TheFutureOfCraft in your highlights
my favorite number is 5 my birthday is in five days my birthday is may 5th noticed me 5 times i just
You have a voice...
the sonic movie actually looks good as hell
Election Commission Allows Hindutva Terrorist Pragya Thakur to Contest but Not the BSF Jawan Tej Bahadur Yadav!
There are so many aspects of the new world technology is creating that we have never even considered
Time to rewind the dvr and replay
Attorney General Bill Barr shuts down Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse (D-NJ) after Whitehouse gets upset over Barr's use of the
Reopening my commissions on the 4th, only doing marker portraits though. 9"x12" for $100 and that includes free
Because you took a jab at mine? Girl fuck outta here I'm not the one lookin like a god damn idiot.
Ok my bad. Now I go to delete my tweets if this can make you happy. Now can you delete your tweets too?
i will be all that you want and get my self together
Once he leaves the warriors all that's gone we both know this
Pray fervently when seeking for a spouse please! God will never give you a problem candidate as a partner!
this is such a... deep... deep memory... i almost can't tell if it's... real...
i dont know maam i'm just here to promote my girl
Lol here some squids now i die
Your repo is empty since yesterday in can't refresh it, can you fix it?
After playing through Stonetalon Mountains again... the writing really sticks out like a sore thumb.
Bitchasses are gonna come in this thread talmbout Thor's weight gain was "a choice" &amp; thus funny &amp; deserving of that
If anyone is looking for a team on Fortnite feel free to join We are looking for NAW and NAE
I'd been looking forward to that five minutes all day. :)
DISGUSTING, how is this ALLOWED
This is a tale of grandmothers, wolves, witches, woodsmen and a girl with a red cape... But it's not the one you know
"do you feel Thatcher effectively utilized girl power by funding illegal paramilitary death squads in Northern
men will literally kill you
The girls football team played amazingly today in the semi finals but sadly it wasn't to be on the day!
Idgaf if yall tired of these lol, open for a mf surprise
I think it's Stipe's time, too. I feel like he should've had an immediate rematch to begin with.
"...in the gentle hues of morning, she swept them up to look at them and her eyes were strange realms, older than the
Thank you!
He didn't mislead, he Lied!! Call it what it is!
And we saw it and the heard the Clown King of Toads Graham call it slander.
Crybaby of the week
can yall leave them the fck was this really necessary
I hope everyone is watching Kamala Harris make mincemeat out
"There are physicians around who say if there is no biomarker the disease doesn't exist, as far as they're
She's a server right?
On Monday night, I attended the candidate debate in Jackson Heights. I posed this question to
Most of you don't know this, but I am 36% trucker/teenage boy who just got out of gym class.
me bumping the same song I've listened to about 456 times already
#CFP 4th Learner Corpus Studies in Asia and the World (LCSAW4) 29 Sept 2019 #corpuslinguistics Send your abstract by
Hey friends -- I'm looking for an undergraduate student(s) impacted by upcoming OSAP changes who would be willing to talk
Ever wonder why you are voting, EXOL? #BBMAsTopSocial EXO R960
Unsaid saga of labrs.Beautifully said u wr vry emotional while speakng dat shows ur respect towrds them .Its a day nt
Defence Secretary Gavin Williamson sacked over Huawei leak Hang on, an MP can be sacked because
Good luck tonight to hopefully you will go home with an award #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
They only care about the BARR version of the report..that's pretty clear.
This guy brilliantly proves the reason we have to keep our Second Amendment safe. Without it we would be Venezuela. Too
Happiness is a choice. Always Shoes to be happy. . Get quality affordable shoes from (IG). . Chat her
"Can I see/have the RAW photos?"
Serena holds a weasel close to her for comfort. She tends to feel nervous seeing other people on her timeline she
Not yet, but I'm working on it. The vaccine looks something like this in the trial stages... A foot
Did you really? Hahaha I'm so glad you came because I hella just acted like I ain't hear him
Really enjoyed listening to and his take on technology as it relates to happiness and people.
I hope this is playing out better than last szn.
its THE bambam's birthday THE BAMBAM. i love he so much :( #BamBamXCVIIDay
Translated from legalese, #Mueller's 3/27/19 letter to #Barr is a scathing accusation of politically motivated lying
A very busy warning map for Thursday.
Trump's ringer AG Bill Barr — our nation's HIGHEST law-enforcement official — has defiled the rule of law with his
I don't know who needs to hear this, but don't text your ex!
Open for a surprise!
humans have no natural predators as well which is why i have decided to hunt the hunters
Here's something that school didn't teach you kids.
I am delighted to announce our newest Platinum Partner Let's give him a very warm welcome! He is a
Kamala Harris got Attorney General William Barr to admit under oath that he cleared Trump of criminal wrongdoing
Liverpool fans clashing with the police in Barcelona this evening #Liverpool #LFC #AwayDays
So Sen. Harris will not let the AG speak while she is speaking if he seeks to clarify or answer or but she continues to
I don't care what anyone says. MONEY TALKS
me using the last bit of toilet paper and not putting a new roll after
"Silly twin. You're the sexiest twin!"
Graham is one of only 2 members of Congress (along w/ Doug Collins) to have reviewed the less-redacted version of the
&lt; BBMA &gt; What is that specific era which made you think that this is by far Sehun's best comeback look? 1 Retweet = 1 Vote
Barr is asking us to believe he can't recall whether he discussed ongoing cases with the White House or whether the
Why do i already feel miss him :&lt;? #BBMAsTopSocial EXO RT and Reply with hashtag :3
I hate it when I dream that I'm best friends with Rihanna &amp; then wake up &amp; realize I'm not.
Brian Williams just broke into coverage of the Barr hearing to correct Lindsey Graham: "The chairman of the
for those saying they didnt know i'll fill in what happens. they lock the cow into a rack &amp; put a hand in each hole to
Lindsey Graham's day so far: - Just said "fucking idiot" on live national television - Deranged meltdown about Hillary
Woah!!! Check out this #Amazing #Art! Tag us in on your ART! EVERY DAY is the
Ha ha, this is too good, American citizen while enjoying all the perks of a capitalist society sings the
20 minutes left of voting!!!!!!! rt, reply or quote with the tags!!! #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
Well you just put it up soooo......
It's government interference like this that caused the unaffordable price of healthcare and higher
I sit back and watch the shit unfold
I made my (#nerd) case for why that fallen #Endgame character shouldn't return in any future #Marvel films, because to
An asylum seeker is a person fleeing violence and chaos. Always transactional, Trump has now decided the criteria for
Atty Gen William Barr is the smartest person in the room today. #BarrHearing
Dreadlocks, iPhone is illegal?? is prostitution legal?? pay more attention and understand stuffs before you bump in.
ofc I wanted to watch a movie peacefully but my mom has to fucking ruin that as well ugh I'm so done
Ocean Avenue ~ Yellowcard Armageddon~ Alkaline Trio My Immortal~ Evanescence Wonderwall~ Oasis Lithium~
Ted Cruz, hell, the whole lot of GOP today are setting precedents at this hearing that will come back to haunt them. #BarrHearing
How do you know it's not loaded. Have you ever taken a firearms course in your life? If not, shut up.
The thing that i love about this side, is that we have such a young, talented core, we'll be around for years at the top level
this is sad day. i am heartbroken for caster semenya. the idea that she will be forced to take drugs to reduce the
The Value Adjustment Board (VAB) of Palm Beach County is seeking qualified attorneys &amp; appraisers to apply for
Chateau Pesquie "Terrasses" 2016 Grenache/Syrah blend — today's pick for #winewednesday "Terrasses" comes from
#Barr LAUGHED at sycophantic defense of the president. Oh, yeah, he's an objective justice
What you tolerate says a lot about you than them
me walking into class after posting all over social media that i'm killing myself
Thank you Hubble.
Everyone in the district already knows that we have the best on the
Jersey of the day sale! After tying up the series with a 29 point double-double, Giannis Antetokounmpo jerseys are on
I voted for Wellsboro Main Street for the #AMSContest. Vote now for this #MainSt
#BBMAsTopSocial EXO Le boy a both
Name One Thing You Will Never Stop Eating Even When You Become A Billionaire?
Threatening messages from the the lending company
As much as I'd love to see De Ligt at United, I wouldn't even wish that on him. Go to Barca and enjoy your career mate
2gig data received.. Thanks to my oga at the top
this decision will go down in the annals of history. Not just as a mistake, but a hideous, racist, misogynistic and
Ted Cruz: Live at the Barr hearing.
The best part about whacko line of questioning is: when she was AG of California she constantly claimed
Exol want a comback.......... Kaching Kaching #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
Went to the Dr today and weighted in on the scale. Needless today say I'll be doing a crash diet once I finish
A person in a Car. create a noise pollution.Without any reason..Car no.UP80-DZ-1717..Person in a car also broke a
i just wanna say that i feel honored to be part of this fandom. WE ARE THE
Psssst...can you keep a secret? Ok..good..because very quietly last week, Barr took over the inaugural finance
This was AWESOME! told and me about their #BBMAs dance rehearsal with how they
Also is artist block in a nutshell lol
But the sick bus driver who raped a 14 y/o gets no prison time???? Y'all have me fucked up
This is the America we live in now
&lt; BBMA &gt; If you would dedicate one song for KAI, what song will it be? 1 Retweet = 1 Vote 1 Reply = 1 Vote* *reply with
Some of the best advice I've ever been given: "don't take criticism from people you wouldn't ever go to for advice"
Tho the other boy who is a rescue...ain't too happy bout them being here but..he's out cold for the moment
We are so concerned about shallow shits that we just forgot that this is happening right know! And don't even come with
Mastered the art of not internalizing other peoples problems.
Second question: Did Barr look at any of the evidence underlying the report? Barr: No The Attorney General of the
very embarrassing when you go in the building stairwell to have a private moment &amp; bust in on someone else's IN-PROGRESS
me: hey can i do something to help my grade? teacher: um...it's May me: sorry, MAY i do something to help my grade
If you're having a bad day, watch this(:
im a baby sayang
Maulana is on fire. It takes guts to say something like this. "Our Army chief is the real martial law
In addition to Barcelona, Matthijs de Ligt would only be interested in a move to Bayern because he likes the club.
Kids gotta eat. And that prison food they serve for lunch is the main reason the test scores are low! Let the children eat.
oooooo u know what....THAT makes sense. Cousin went to LSU, it may as well be the Lubbock of Louisiana
a cup of tea is my favorite drink
some random parent: say thank you little baby: tank you :) me:
Only argument against that moment I'm willing to entertain. The article is trash.
Will we ever see this iconic moment with Spider-Man and Falcon in the MCU?
Asked the deli dude for a ¼ lb of salami. He nodded, walked to the slicer, exhaled and stared into the distance
i really bumped into amanda seyfried in the elevator and later saw cookie monster elmo and big bird WOW
57) Ted Cruz has problems that can't be properly addressed in a single tweet. Pass.
Men literally murder women for rejecting them. And that's the end of your little experiment.
Sometimes you gotta stay &amp; fight
btw its not upset w THEM! its upset w the whole situation! i know they dont know what she did i just dont wanna
A single text from that person can change your mood at any moment
This is a fun short listen.
&lt; BBMA &gt; Name all the songs included in 'For Life' EP! 1 Retweet = 1 Vote 1 Reply = 1 Vote* *reply with voting hashtag
They: What happened to you? Me: I grew up
Paediatric Emergency Medicine Consultant - United Kingdom, Romford Paediatric Emergency Medicine Consultant We don t
*me minding my business* My brain: _ , - - - . _ / ' , ` . ` \ / ' ` , ,
a moment that deserves to go down in the history books
I did not get a wishbone installed in my uterus for men to get a GEL
History has already judged Da Nang Dick.
i wish it worked that way
Why? (not being a facetious jerk, honest question)
Do you enjoy being around like-minded people? If so, come and enjoy a cigar. See the post below for details.
i wonder what soda he's having
From "Barr's testimony has been disgraceful," constitutional scholar Laurence H. Tribe tells me. "He's
It's #SpreadTheSyndrome time again! What's your Vinegar Syndrome dream release? For a chance to win a $50 Halfway
Disgusting behaviour. Faking a legend death. Your sick.
In 2016 released a statement on balancing #opioidabuse concerns w #opioids access for #cancerpain for #cancer
This sworn testimony doesn't seem to be ... true.
.@KamalaHarris: "Would you accept [any U.S. attorney's office] recommending a charging decision to you if they had not
This is what happens when you buy your kids black air forces
See a a good amount of people hating on #Division2. Game is sweet and I enjoy playing it. So I'm going to play
Attorney General Bill Barr: "The evidence is now that the President was falsely accused of colluding with the
you got some explaining to do dude I wasn't prepared
1485 RT for vote For Life or Sing For You #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
.@zainabsikander could have stopped at the word COMBAT but then she too is no different from the rest who have to
Because of productive activity, specially for the sake of economically gain is called labor.
TONIGHT'S THE NIGHT #BBMAs #BTS x RT if you're tuning in! #BTSArmy
Muscled stripper flashing hard cock on the runway at Visit us for thousands more pics &amp; videos -&gt;
Nick: we are excited for ever- Joe: I'm ONLY here for BTS
Remarkable to watch Washington Democrats continue to deny reality. Mueller found no collusion, Bill Barr ACCURATELY
I JUST
Finna drink by myself
.@SenKamalaHarris to AG Barr: "Has the president or anyone at the White House ever asked or suggested that you open
Here's what you need to do. Pretty simple.
Finna work like I got two kids this summer
Thank you all for watching the #Borderlands3 Gameplay Reveal Event! The day isn't over yet! Keep watching
how would y'all feel if they all dropped that heart just bc dude slipped in the beginning?
Oops. US 2y yield is now positive on the day after somewhat hawkish Powell.
.....Despite the fact that the Mueller Report was "composed" by Trump Haters and Angry Democrats, who had unlimited
I did not get a wishbone installed in my uterus for men to get a GEL
For Harley
In other news, treated myself to a bottle of red wine to recover from my first exam today.
Why don't you postmate a personality Carol
no one: 13 year old me: i only listen to REAL music, like lana del rey and marina and the diamonds. normal people scare
Your boy Barr is not doing you any favors in his testimony and the Senate GOP is out there
I hate lectures
me: hey can i do something to help my grade? teacher: um...it's May me: sorry, MAY i do something to help my grade
Kamala: "Has the president asked you to open an investigation of anyone? Barr: [awkward silence] Kamala: "Yes or no?"
Oh My ghaad! is a big hoax! 3 hours and counting waiting for food. Several calls, no food, no clarity just
FANS OF THE WORLD EVERYTHING, WE GO THE FIGHT, LET'S SAVE OUR SERIES, LET'S JOIN, PLEASE, WE'LL MAKE THAT HAPPEN
Fans moved from one area to another area &amp; Emilia reporting it like she's on the front line in Syria ffs
Bring James back...NOW!
KO KO Bop 2017.......... The best FanDom where are you? #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
Me every time I watch Abbie's fmp Tia Maria !!!
I'm Fucked.
no offense but bts winning both categories at the bbmas actually sucks
Watched this on Vudu for like the 30th time yesterday. Love the bedroom/shower combo kill.
My sociology professor keeps an alphabetic list of new slang terms he learns from students and I will never get over it
Senator Ted Cruz is a like a stain on underwear. #Barr #SenateJudiciary #AmericansForImpeachment #ImpeachBarrAndtRump #ImpeachBarr
when you finally get to hear all the famiIy gossip cause you're grown and everything starts making sense
Senior was by far the easiest year of high school idk what y'all be talkin bout
I want her to sing imagine:( #BBMAsAchievement ariana grande
i point my augmented reality star gazing app directly at you and my screen fills with millions and millions of new
.@MarshaBlackburn: - "I think Mueller assembled a 'dream team,'" Blackburn said before listing the team. - "Do you
TONIGHT'S THE NIGHT #BBMAs #BTS x RT if you're tuning in! #BTSArmy
100 PERCENT with you on this one.
no matter what buffalo wild wings i go to their floors are sticky
This kid is a hero. Riley Howell was killed while trying to jump and disarm the UNC gunman. This is the face we
Fan of Check out this behind-the-scenes preview of tonite's performance on the -Rock
The shorts are so cuteeee
Approximately 22 veterans per day commit suicide. This is a heartbreaking situation. They gave. We need to be
Here's my *pushcart winning lol* poem. I didn't believe in this poem, thought it didn't poem well enough, but then Tracy
I'll never regret someone that I had an amazing time and experience with. Even if we fall off. You made my life special
I like this spin on what I normally call "murder horses"
anything for you kitten
can one of you lil female r'n'b singers let me spit a verse on one of your lil sexy tracks please?
Ramsey's message to Arsenal fans. So much respect for him. He loves the club man. You simply can't hate him as an Arsenal
Pleased to give you a follow!
USA Region 2 'Strategic Partners Conference' with our highly esteemed 'Pastor Biodun Lawal' Chicago! Are you ready?
People are protesting and dying in Venezuela right now, trying to remove their socialist dictator. I hope they succeed!
Wow! What an innovative composer! Someday I want to meet him!
TERF TERF terf terfy terfy terf terf. It's not a slur, or hate speech, it's a stupid acronym. Used in the context of
The impact of his absence... And... The importance of his presence...
Rosenstein had been cleared to supervise the Mueller investigation by DOJ ethics officials Harris bizarrely asked
Most of you don't know this, but I am 36% trucker/teenage boy who just got out of gym class.
me: hey can i do something to help my grade? teacher: um...it's May me: sorry, MAY i do something to help my grade
Olympic champion Caster Semenya lost an appeal against new IAAF rules that say women with naturally high levels of
Ok. So, it's obvious that Barr is working to limit or shutdown the 12-18 ongoing investigations of
just found out some people sleep with their bedroom doors open...... sorry but if you get eaten by a monster i'm
having strict parents made me an amazing liar learned how to control my face expression,my breathing and even my
The "most of the report" that says he read was not contained in the entirety of the report that I
"I'm the crazy guy, the lunatic on beat Sending listeners to Hong Kong with my rap my tongue technology.'' - SUGA of
I've read the Mueller report, and one thing is very clear: Donald Trump is the most corrupt president in our lifetime, and
If nothing else, I'm glad Game of Thrones is letting mainstream American audiences experience the unique pain of "oh no
Christo with the performance art! bravo sir!!!!
if no one else has said this to you. i am saying this to you. there is genius in you. there is splendor. wonder.
Happy birthday Ajith Kumar!
i still think we can win the top duo group award #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
Professor: Why should I round your grade up? Me:
#VijanaTumechoka Please somebody tell this editor of that the English wrote in
Using our hot t-shirt press in the #IHHSLEARNGCOMMONS #makerspace
NO DON'T SCROLL DOWN, ARMYS DON'T NEED TO BE THREATENED BY "NO BTS CONCERT" WE ARE GONNA VOTE REGARDLESS!! WE WANT TO SEE
183D4948 :Battle ID I need backup! Lvl 120 Godsworn Alexiel
Big,small, all join together. Masood Azhar designated as a terrorist in Sanctions list Grateful to all for
you guys are gon do amazing !!!!
But the Steel Dossier! But the corrupt FBI! But the corrupt DOJ! But HER GODDAMN EMAILS! (Oh, &amp; thank
Men's underwear is one of the only products that does not fluctuate with market economy #facts
Gonna get an early start and bring the stream up in 15. Apparently a side effect of being exposed to so many
Bro looking like cheap 21 savage..
May is #AAPIHeritageMonth. Nevada is proud to be home to a strong and vibrant #AAPI community, the fastest-growing group
Trump should be indicted. Retweet if you agree. #IndictTrump
Calling all #Hearties... #HopeValley and Season 6 of resumes Sunday night, May 5, and Monday night, May 6, on
The day someone doesn't have to worry about food, is the day they begin to think. #theplatformng
Hey, check this out: [Amazon Rolls A Trojan Horse Into Rival Retailers' Stores] (via Quarry app)
...So I have a few issues with this picture
Gonna rewatch it a million more times before I'm happy
I've already reached out to your customer service and spoke with Rachel C who was actually the
Hahahah android joke hhahaha you're so funny did you think of this by yourself ahahahah it's a club
Barr tells Kamala Harris that neither he nor Rosenstein looked at the underlying evidence in Mueller's report.
A fan wanted to buy a pair of my sweaty gym undies &amp; asked if I could blow a load on them. Of course I was happy to
it makes no sense that the people who believe in "biological sex" are saying that Caster Semenya has to take drugs to
LMFAOOOO we all ain't bad. just stay away from the fans that are delusional into thinking they gonna "marry"
We marked our Tercentenary in 2017 with an epic celebration at the - and a DVD to mark the occasion
Do you like to plan things out or be spontaneous? — i hate planning, I'm just going w the flow, riding waves
Dominance over a french bulldog, that's some fragile masculinity right there.
Post an image that describes you.
[At Disneyland, in the teacups] Jimin and Taehyung: [Spinning a little and talking] Seokjin and Jungkook: [Fly past
Wow. The Attorney General of the United States can't guarantee the public that Donald Trump hasn't asked him to use
Sometimes I go full circle &amp; today is one of those days...
You are aware our current government not only hangs around with terrorists but sells them
even i did &amp; ive only seem a handful of movies ommmggg
Ha ha ha ...! Ma'am were you born like this or done any course to achieve this distinction of being paragon of
The draw is made! QF1 - v QF2 - v #LincolnshireBrewingCo QF3
#OnThisDay 2 years ago, ...after finishing 6th on 74 points the previous season, we qualified for our second
So this random old lady i was sitting next to on my flight was staring at my phone the whole time so i had to catch her
Harris: Has the president or anyone at the WH ever asked or suggested you open an investigation of anyone? Yes or
But it's not surprising doe. You can slick tell who smokes weed and who doesn't
"The real question here is: why has a woman been censored for getting off on bananas when men
men will literally kill you
I slipped in the note about Angelica fortified wines (without naming Angelica) to help anyone
Ashford Daniels (COINWARE): Good day community, We're happy to announce that second (2) phase of COINWARE airdrop is
Brendon Urie, who grew up a Vegas boy, received the key to the Las Vegas Strip for all his achievements. If this
Leaving the hearing room after questioning AG William Barr: Q: Should he resign? : "Yes." *walks away*
Less than an hour left to vote for the BBMAs Top Social Artist Award. If you see this tweet, reply with the voting hashtag
Being aware of foreign influence on our election and Impeding and defunding any effort
I think I thought I saw you try
Mazie Hirono is what happens when the weirdo cat lady in your building gets elected senator.
I'm sorry if I can't keep update about BTS during bbmas bc I'll have class...but if I've chance.. I'll watch live
Kamala got out of Barr that he wrote his summary without reviewing the evidence in the report This is awesome
From the moment I met you, my life was all you. - Boy With Luv GLOBAL LUV PARTY #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
-Last Ball six and stumpings by MSD -CSK win. -@bhogleharsha on the ground with brilliant Post match
I really wish Degrassi was on Netflix
So excited to be heading to San Francisco in Nov for my first ever conference! Stay tuned for details of our panel,
On International Mesh Awareness Day, what makes me sick is the fact that is totally ignoring the
Is it bad that 3/4 of the classes i'm taking are 100 level classes as a sophomore in the second semester?
Precisely. Tyranical France is tightening their grip and these thugs are happy to do the job.
BREAKING - UK MPs pass a motion to declare an environment &amp; climate emergency. This has seen them start to #TellTheTruth
My God, did Teddy just accidentally say something true? That Barr is doing a lousy job of hiding things?
Bach in the rain
sometimes I order from borrow direct to mimic the rush of a package
I'm super excited and I'm thrilled I get to enjoy this one with my kids. This will be such a summer treat!
THE PLATFORM
I've never seen anyone body twerking like how she just did WOW
will go down in history as a patriot who exposed another betrayal of this
Blake Mitchell Opens Up About Being Bisexual In The Porn Industry
Free Dos de Oros tacos, chips &amp; salsa, desserts &amp; more! TODAY! Wednesday, May 1st until 3pm in Dallavis Hall,
This is what happens when Barr is asked a carefully worded question. He can't figure out how to answer it the way
If this isn't in my future I don't want it
honestly whenever i listen to the whole of youngblood it gives me chills cause it came out during the last week
I loveee youu im so excited for bbmas!!
the media is going insane** we don't care
thank you for this superb photo, we agree - Larnaka's Salt Lake is magical
BRUH JUST BECAUSE YOU GOT ASS MAKE YOU A CERTIFIED FREAK ?! NAH LMAO
Day tripping round the Yorkshire Dales
Did read the WaPo story before making this reckless accusation against AG Barr? "When Barr pressed him
niggas b friendly af and having the nerve to say sum bout somebody else
I don't think it's working
I light this #YellowCandle in remembrance of Jehudith Eisenberger who was murdered at Auschwitz in 1944 aged 9

My services cannot be billed through insurance. I'm a professional companion and the fact I'm a RMT is a value added service.
so why can't this person jus express their opinion jus as u are expressing urs jus how she expressed hers
.@brooklyndecker &amp; pitch in to help &amp; at the Pro-Am
"rt or you next"
|• zomboss ; the devil called me his bf Florian ; he wants to steal you from dial Zomboss ; he usually steals
That's definitely a possibility, and a good idea. The shitty thing is, we're just stuck
But i still want u #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
this world's so fucked it'll make you gaslight yourself into thinking you're overreacting to literal oppression &amp; genocide
anniep0206: See how RedHatcloud #OpenStack Platform provides a reliable #cloud foundation for companies like
wear pigtail braids if ur the future of music
the Zaniest of all lobby lob lobs
IM CRYING
ANOTHER #OldTownRoadRemix from the young emcee #Caiden
wherever you go, just always remember you're never alone, we're birds of a feather, no matter the weather, this is my
I like how stupidly cute these sausages are. I mean they're one of the top predator of the sea, but take a look at this
I know y'all young because this a terrible idea.
Trump has been dealing w Russian mafia since the 80's, took multiple trips to Russia starting in the 80's, and has dealt
Mom: What have you learned in college? Me:
Barr fumbles, stumbles, dissembles, asks for the question to be repeated and then can't answer when Kamala Harris asks him
TRUMP IS an ARROGANT ASS#OLE. Who thinks he can RUN THE WH with his MOB LIKE MENTALITY. HE IS A TRAITOR, LIAR &amp;
Artists will preview a song for 6 whole months before they decide to release it. Beloved, we don't even want it anymore
Congress must change the Immigration Laws now, Dems won't act. Wall is being built - 400 miles by end of next year.
when you open someone's profile and the "follows you" is gone
Scott Brown, Kieran Tierney were among those on hand to parade the latest home design for the first time at
Cruz is very effectively torching the grandstanding Democrats here.
Amit shah rally in Delhi today, it was a flop. Despite all the efforts, BJP candidates are not able to full the crowd in
lol i curve guys so hard... i really felt that one.
i would delete but that's a vote so ... nvm !
I don't know whether to laugh or cry about how intellectually inferior our senators are to William Barr. #BarrHearing
Second funniest thing I've ever seen
Happy #NationalGolfDay ! Why do YOU play golf? Tweet your favorite golf story and then get
This is a serious tweet? I saw it come across my timeline a few times and i thought it was a tongue in cheek joke. Well done
Now tornado warnings for supercells in southern OK! This storm just east of Waurika has a history of producing a
where you go for this
The Democratic women on this committee came to prosecute not to play. William Barr is having a tough time with them.
This the most adorable shit I've seen all year
I just voted for Lady Gaga &amp; Bradley Cooper for #BBMAsAchievement at the 2019 Billboard Music Awards!! You can vote at
If you needed more proof that Attorney General Barr is nothing more than Trump's criminal defense lawyer masquerading as
Klopp, the man with a plan
Amazing weekend having the family come out and surprise me. If you want to come out to LA for the Spiderman Far from
Are you watching the hearing, Klobuchar used the "totality of evidence" (grocery list) argument you
when you see this tweet you're obligated to retweet and reply with #BBMAsTopSocial EXO or you won't get a
Sometimes i just cant explain how im feelin x
Can we get this fancam to 1M views? 1 rt = 1 vote 1 reply = 1 vote Use the hashtags!! #BBMAsTopSocial EXO

I showed you my true colors, that shit look like the rainbow
Get well soon and plz retire at the end of the season and take care of yourself
I'm not addicted to commissioning art, I can stop whenever I want. These are just choices.
This was taken by a student during a campus active shooter in North Carolina today. Take note of the Police. They aren't
#Uzalo. Haibo Nkunzi, oh thus why you are dressed like KK, that stupid actor. Im dead
The more you hide your feelings for someone, the more you fall for them.
This week's top 10 on the #Artist100: 1. (4th week at No. 1) 2. 3. 4.
.@washingtonpost: FALSE claim that no one but the rich got #TaxCuts |
THIS is the live action Sonic movie that I want.
JIN JUST SAID.... I LOVE YOU 3000 TO US... MARVELARMYS....
I #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
I prayed for you, your happiness.
Sen. Mazie Hirono just TORE INTO Barr, saying: "The American people know you're no different from Rudy Giuliani or Kellyanne
25 year-old me: Sure, I'll stay out until 1am. Who needs a brain in the morning 30 year-old me: Sure, I'll stay
I remember when I was an edgy young kid in school typing "58008" and *5318008" on a calculator and turning it upside down
"#Obstacles can't stop #you. Problems can't stop you. Most of all, other people can't stop you. Only you can stop
I just voted for BTS for #BBMAsTopSocial at the 2019 Billboard Music Awards. RT to vote too!,,,,
Go back to your glove puppets and coulouring books you bufoon... No need to reply, you`re
Those were his first draft ideas. He also wrote the version of Han and 3P0 we got,
even arya knows that an emotional spiral is always solved with sex
Palpatine: you're the first girlfriend Ben has brought to the Death Star Rey: he's not my boyfriend Ben:
Information and updates on the Facebook page - bring a chair, and your chosen refreshments.
If this picture doesn't come up on your tl every month and someone quotes it that the oxygen there crisp as fuck, you're
Enjoyed a version of this didn't we!!!!
Lil Xan looking like a snack
LIST OF PROBLEMS THE YOUTHS IN KENYA FACE 1)Unemployment 2)Extra Judicial Killings 3)Gambling addiction 4)Depression
this is sad day. i am heartbroken for caster semenya. the idea that she will be forced to take drugs to reduce the
Now streaming on: - - This is an
Just posted a photo
u have DONE CRACK ISABELLA
Money makes the world go round; Loves spins it the right way.
Heading into May: 1) Don't beg anyone to stay. 2) Save space for people who matter. 3) Keep your circle small. 4)
I live for these. send plz
So far in this hearing, Attorney General Barr is still conducting himself more like the president's attorney than a
just realized that how we reply to bts every time they tweet has the same energy as moms who comment on dog
Watching on YouTube at work = no rewards though :/ Having a full time job being a hindrance :(
#DidYouKnow? There's a Hindu temple of late former President Dr. A P J Abdul Kalam aka #MissileMan who was a Muslim.
No lie niggas will legit kill a girl.. Krazy
My day off and watching the game. Beautiful day.
Liberal Hack and Idiot Mazie Hirono Attacks the President and Slanders AG Barr and Demands he Resign — It Gets So Bad
I CANT BREATHESBDHDJ #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
Sonic the hedgehog had entered the chat
Spicy? Not at all. Emotional, over sensitive, clingy yes. That child going to take lots of attention, nurturing &amp;
You'Re My Everything. Everything Else Is Else. Pentha Sea Beach
20 minutes left of voting!!!!!!! rt, reply or quote with the tags!!! #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
Politics -
This is the America we live in now
choerry ou talvez a olivia mas idk
Sharad Pawar Saheb is saying if Baramati results turn out to be negative for NCP then ppl will lose faith on election
If you fat as hell you need to be fat shamed.
I'm just going to be direct with you. Partnering with #LimeLifeByAlcone's Pro Cosmetics Brand in May is a
less than an hour left to vote if you see this tweet, rt then reply with the voting hashtag #BBMAsTopSocial + BTS and
the greatest scene in cinema history
Sex in the clothes tester 2.
When i was in NYSC camp, wanted to use the bathroom but it was all occupied so i had to wait outside one, then this guy
Twitter is eating my life, but I'm fighting back! Please read this, and maybe you'll join me.
"Barr's testimony has been disgraceful," constitutional scholar Laurence H. Tribe tells me. "He's betraying his oath
scorpios, leo's, libras and gemini's looking in the mirror everyday knowing they're the best signs.
I'm gonna be sick that day.
The new mural in Dewey Square on the Greenway looks spectacular.
Senator Hirono laying into AG Barr saying: You used every advantage of your office to make it seem like President Trump was
If Dems across the country aren't utterly appalled by the grandstanding Dem Senators all but whipping AG Bill Barr
"That's a bad shot" - Paul George
For necessity, not for comfort. I hate'em!
oh my god what year is it
Roy Keane's passion and honesty on the television can be a positive for Nottingham Forest (Nottinghamshire Live)
Goosebumps!!
Shiit I told you what I wanted you didn't respond
"Then you are lost. He has eaten your soul." This is quite an op-ed in from James Comey, describing how he believes
i love how jin was clapping like "yes bitch show your shit! work it!!"
jimin almost strained his sleeve with food and taehyung immediately rubbed it off and silently rolled his sleeve up, i'm
matteo and his one braincell pulling through
A lady first. #SeniorBreakfast #2019
President Putin has signed a new "sovereign internet" bill into law, granting Russian authorities greater control over
If you're having a bad day, watch this(:
I read this wrong... i dont have my glasses.. excuse me
Da Nang Dick to AG Barr: "History will judge you harshly." That's odd. Barr never lied about fighting in Vietnam.
Elephant in a Box is coming soon to #Kickstarter. ENTER TO #WIN: #sofa #launchingsoon #comfy
Coutinho + Messi is very interesting. It makes me believe (hope) we don't see fabinho as a lone 6 regardless of
i was bored and trying to forget how depressed endgame made me so i made a captain america edit set to old town road
I mean .. well ........ Suzy IS the NFL
"YOU LIED." — Senator calls out Barr publicly during hearing. Telling a simple truth that media
Our colleagues at are exceptional, devoting their professional careers to positively impacting
John Watson of Cfayre has become Scotland's first certified Master Fishmonger (MFS) accredited by The Fishmongers
Detail from Batman Curse of the White Knight. Created, written and drawn by My colors, done almost
tbh tweeting your emotions is better than saying it to other people
Do I get the Play Station VR or and Oculus Quest??? #help
Omg the tags I'm sorrry ksjsks #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
i'm new member,dongsaeng. anyway! i never get chance to meet you yet. suzy noona here!
Happening now: Forcing floor vote on a measure referring Michael Cohen's testimony to the for a perjury
Most of you don't know this, but I am 36% trucker/teenage boy who just got out of gym class.
Well damn step on they neck why don't you
Important point. I guess some are more equal than others?
i think about this everyday
Kamala: "In reaching your conclusion, did you personally review all the evidence?" Barr: "No." Kamala: "You did not
Barr's testimony suggests Mueller special counsel team knew they had no obstruction case against but
I wish we could have subtitles in real life bc I really can't hear anything anyone is saying to me
Haslam's Supply Chain Forum continues to grow in size and influence in the supply chain community.
AG Barr is a disgrace, and his alarming efforts to suppress the Mueller report show that he's not a credible head of federal
I smell new music!!!!
I'm telling you, birds!!
The is currently looking for #diverse #MECFS volunteers to participate in a PEM Focus Group.
WOW! Senator Kamala Harris just demolished William Barr! This is a must watch! Thank you You are
this soldier right here has been thru more in the past year than most ppl go through in a life time. ...yet she busted her
Brendon with a fan! via: pnw_jt
bts being bts: a thread
UTM Parameters: All You Need To Know (via
It's been great being part of the team to create awareness on the importance of clean energy. It's time to
Indeed my dude, I don't care about DLC's, I just want a huge list of racers!
You mean the Savior of Kentucky? VoldeTort's personal oligarch? Sassy better be careful or Nebraska won't get
i'm about to get my hair cut for the first time since bald carson are you all screaming with me??????
EVIDENTLY HER MOTHER WAS CAPABLE WITH DADDY LIVING....MOTHER FUCKERS AREN'T SHIT..SHE NEEDS HER MOTHER...HER
basically, a summary hozumi: a mess wataru: his enabler gakuto: super tired
Oh look, another reason for socialism.
Thanks for all you do to support our students and schools!

i had a stroke tryna read this
25 GUYS
He's a conservative candidate, he's out , end of chat
Why not Subpoena her put pressure on her apparently she love runs her a mouth a lot and see what she know
When you get home and your parents start attacking you
Not the best of days for us but will come back stronger from this one. Thought Raina batted really well and MS Dhoni
I'm inviting you to join Viral Dollars, a site that lets you earn money with social media. I just earned $29.00
2 HOURS LEFT TO VOTE Reply All EXO Members Stage Name &amp; Real Name. Afterwards, RT 10 Times You Find In Reply Section.
statistics is still a chance that something will happen, you
Blessing to be where I am today...
Bottom line: There is only one candidate who got dirt on their opponent from Russia - and her name is Hillary Clinton.
Lindsay Graham accuses Hirono of "slandering" Barr. Except she is THE ONE senator so far who has not played the BS
OT12 We miss you.......... EXO-DO: People Come and People go #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
Next on the list
I've learned so much from you today and it made my heart happy
Indian Army Soldiers in uniform are caught forcing voters to vote for .Downfall of a nation is when men in
the sopranos
#BBMAsTopSociaI I Vote BTS
My dog of 12 years (my dads best friend) just recently passed, so my mom got a pillow with his picture on it for my
We handle the hard part of dealing with legumes...we sort, clean, soak, boil, pack then freeze and deliver to you
LESS THAN A HOUR LEFT!!!! IF YOU SAW THIS TWEET YOU ARE OBLIGATED TO RT AND REPLY TO THIS TWEET
I love you so much. #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
.@PeteButtigieg met with former Democratic presidential nominee, Hillary Clinton, this week. His campaign confirms
If I'm not mistaken he said "Woh mere marne ke sapne dekh rahe hai"!
Yes why did you back Brexit? I didn't see that on my license fee.
Thanos on the way to the club
Man it's good to know that all the Republicans are really soft on law and order and national
i am, it's called life
"his presence is the happiness I always dreamed of"
$1,100 buy-ins tonight at 5pm and Saturday at 11am! View the complete tournament calendar here:
Long?! OK the buccal corridors are perfect, the smile line is good and if
How Many Followers You Want? 1000 Retweet = 1000 Followers 2000 Retweet = 2000 Followers 3000 Retweet = 3000 Followers
Government forced to release list of ‘senior' members of the ERG, after long-running openDemocracy investigation. A
Cruz is an exceptionally stupid man. He's trying to say that because Barr didn't release the
the best sibling duo on tv
Right wing media is becoming frighteningly indistinguishable from white supremacist propaganda When the Poway terrorist
As Venezuela sinks further in black hole of Civil war, watch India's 'top' journalist, Siddharth Vardarajan pay rich
Rep. Ted Lieu, member of the House Judiciary Committee, tells CNN's that if Attorney General Bill Barr does not
these look like squidward's feet
Iker Casillas has reportedly been hospitalized after suffering a heart attack in Porto training. All the best for a full
The Dignitatis Humanae Institute: Clergy, Aristocrats And The Populist-Right?
My sociology professor keeps an alphabetic list of new slang terms he learns from students and I will never get over it
Chinna Thala's knock calls for double celebration as he hits his 50th half-century in T20! Here's congratulating him
We the only gang to run the game in high heels
mf out here trying to fish for a seokjin in the airport
Yeah DC Douglas has no room to talk. Didn't he film a woman in an airport bathroom? Or something like that
.@LilaGraceRose Responds to NY's "Reproductive Health Act" "Convicted criminals aren't subjected to the death penalty in
.. that's fucking adorable, we're getting a tarantula now
Lyin Ted, the equivalent of Popeye's Wimpy character, is the Senate's ball washer for Fat Nixon...
So did good and got me a nice double bicep (my favorite pose) of to play with. Maybe next time a
RT IF YOU AGREE #BBMAsTopSocial Louis Tomlinson
"Socialism in general has a record of failure so blatant that only an intellectual could ignore or evade it."
Nobody: Me on the way to school:
I just voted for GOT7 for #BBMAsTopSocial at the 2019 Billboard Music Awards. RT to vote too!
Black police officer Mohammed Noor accidentally shot a white woman who snuck up on him in the line of duty. He was
i've put my fbi cap on
I would love to mesh my Harry Potter and barstool fandoms. I am so down for
my mom: why tf do you take so long in the shower? like u just have to wash your hair and body me at the shower thinking im
RT if this is the most important anniversary in your life
My coworkers steady clowning me about my age and being youngest. The real joke is we make the same salary but I'm 21 and
"You ain't ready for this, Kev." -Maisha #TheChi
Hey my mom turn off my 813-892-1312 line that why couldn't activate Sims card and the ImEi number
I am starving !
REPORT: G Herbo has been charged with battery for allegedly dragging the mother of his child by her hair.
Joseph Jordan -- as Eric Striker -- attended book burning rituals hosted by Mike Peinovich and his crew in 2017.
greatest show of all time
Thanks for article. You can also sign the petition Let's #SaveBugomaForest
The image of the devil that we know today comes from a poem called "The Divine Comedy" written by Dante Alighieri.
Sheldon Whitehouse was asking Barr some typically stupid questions, his dopey head laying heavily on
BREAKING: There will be a by-election in Peterborough after 19,261 people signed a recall petition to remove Fiona
Drama is feeling under the weather right now and is need of a home ! She's such a sweetheart, but the shelter environment has
Trump is calling Michelle Obama a 'he', he never forgive him what he did to our military. 'She talks about safety (in the
when you consistently apply boundaries, whether it's to people or animals,
I feel uncomfortable when people try to treat me dinner or just spoil me in general, the need to pay em back is always there
Attorney General William Barr said he did not exonerate President Trump and said that the American people can decide for
Islamic State Leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi seen in new video for first time in five years: "As for our brothers in Sri
I'm the same - my Labour MP is who is a good person and who has tried his best - but now any vote for
Artists will preview a song for 6 whole months before they decide to release it. Beloved, we don't even want it anymore
Thank you very much coach. Much appreciate it!!
Last one for the team #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
"You had all semester to prepare for this final" Me:
ANP always stand for Rule of law and Democracy We have been advocating since long time that each and every person has
You never know what people have to go home to, be nice.
First time, 8 years old, it was Legend and it was dad who gave me. After then, the next time was 17, Smirnoff.
the only thing I'm proud of is my x477 daily streak in Discord lol
I already feel like sex with a scorpio or taurus would fuck my life up.. it ain't happening
so many poor farmers commit suicide in india every yr bc they struggle to make a living and pepsi out here tryna claim rights
Wooooow WELL THIS IS A FIRST AND WE WOULD ALL LIKE TO THANK YOU HAHAHA SHORT BITCHES WE COMING UP!
Rep. Ilhan Omar asserted "This is not going to be the country of white people" during a rally in DC yesterday.
Isn't is amazing how comment on every piece of news imaginable to attack Trump, yet when
&lt; BBMA &gt; What is that specific era which made you think that this is by far Sehun's best comeback look? 1 Retweet = 1 Vote
Being #mindful is harder than it sounds because it means paying attention to the present moment including
Poll: what grade would you give the #49ers draft class?
So, you can have guns if you're not crazy, a terrorist or a criminal? Cool! I'm sold.
beard grooming is for poseurs. so you're right about Teddy.
Exol want a comback..........go go go Vote to exo #BBMAsTopSocial EXO
when he nuts in me and i don't get pregnant
U really gotta work your Way up in this World.
Dick Blumenthal and Mazie Hirono deserve each other. The way they smeared Kavanaugh, and now are doing the same thing to
Shit fucked up boy I tell you.
Isn't he supposed to ask questions and not be the narrator??
Check if you are banned or not #BBMAsTopSocial BTS
Fox News is referring to her as a "transgender runner." She's not trans! They're using her as a prop to wage their
PLS TELL US SOMETHING ABOUT THE NEW MUSIC
